Anuradha Koirala has been sleeping outdoors.	425/many young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors.	Many people have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks.	Pushpa Basnet was forced to evacuate her residence.	Pushpa Basnet cares for 45 children.	The children were forced to evacuate their residence.	Anuradha Koirala was a CNN Hero.	Pushpa Basnet was a CNN Hero.	Seven other CNN Heros were now assisting relief efforts.	The organizations of CNN Heros were now assisting relief efforts.
Students discovered colonies.	Students were from University of Surrey.	There were thousands of colonies.	Students submerged coins in agar.	Students submerged notes in agar.	Submerging things in agar accelerated growth PF bacteria.	Most bacteria was harmless on the money.	One bacteria caused boils.	One bacteria caused spots.	Previous studies have revealed MRSA bacteria on notes.	Previous studies have revealed MRSA bacteria on coins.
Danilo agrred this week.	Danilo agreed to join Real Madrid.	Danilo agreed to join in the summer.	Danilo agreed to join for 23 million.	Total player sales is 440 million since 2004.	James Rodriguez sold by Porto.	Pepe sold by Porto.	Radamel Falcao sold by Porto.	Click here for all the latest Real Madrid News .	Players sold by Porto.
Dominatrix claims she shared a kiss.	The kiss was hot.	The kiss was deep.	Dominatrix claimed she kissed Prince Harry.	Dominatrix claimed she kissed in Vegas.	Carrie Reichert was a dominatrix.	Carri Reichert / dominatrix said she felt overdressed.	Carri Reichert / dominatrix said she saw Prince Harry's a**.	Carri Reichert was 43 years old.	Carri Reichert / the 43 year old claimed in her book.	The book was upcoming.	Kensington Palace denied Carrie Reichart was invited.	Kensington Palace denied Carrie Reichart was invited to the hotel suite.
Eva Chapin is 34 years old.	Eva Chapi is from West Linn.	Eva Chapi is from Oregon.	Eva Chapi has been accused of harassment.	Eva Chapi referred to her neighbors as ' n ***** '.	Eva Chapi insists she is not racist.	Eva Chapi wront a note.	The note said that there were non [ expletive ] in West Linn untill the neighbors came.	Victim/neighbors said her family may be forced to move.	Victim/neighbors said they don't feel safe.
Justin Rose played at the Masters 2015.	Justin Rose's total has only been bettered six times at the The Masters.	Justin Rose hopes to take some titles across the year.	Justin Rose played at the Masters 2015 on 14-under-par.	Justin Rose finished as joint runner-up.
Chloe's was playing with friend.	Zbigniew Huminski forced Chloe into the car.	Chloe's naked body was found.	Chloe's body was found in nearby woods.	Chloe's body was found an hour - and - A - half later.	Prosecutors say there is evidence.	The evidence was of ' strangulation and sexual violence '.	Zbigniew Huminski is a Polish immigrant.	Zbigniew Huminski was heading to England.	Zbigniew Huminski has admitted to killing.
Pair were left homeless.	Pair were left homeless after storms	Pair met in Connecticut Trailer Park.	Pair Won Lottery last year.	Pair cashed prize in after Easter to Mark New Start.	The lottery winner was thrilled.	The lottery winner said they met love of their life because of Sandy.
Cesc Fabregas plays for Chelsea	Charlie Adam plays for Stoke City	Cesc Fabregas used to play for Barcelona	Charlie Adam injured Cesc Fabregas	Chelsea won against Stoke City	The match was at Chelsea's home	Charlie Adam is a midfielder	Charlie Adam scored a goal in the match	Cesc Fabregas posted on instagram	Cesc Fabregas had bruises.	Cesc Fabregas was smiling in the instagram post	Charlie Adam's arm was trailing.
Maren Sanchez was 16 year old.	Maren Sanchez stabbed to death.	Maren Sanchez was stabbed a year ago.	Maren Sanchez was stabbed on the day of Prom.	The life of Maren Sanchez was celebrated on Saturday.	The life of Maren Sanchez was celebrated by hundreds of people.	Someone doesn't thinks there's anything sad about the celebration.	Christopher Plaskon was a classmate of Maren Sanchez.	Christopher Plaskon has been charged with Sanchez's murder.
Audrey Alexander wanted something from her neighbours.	Audrey Alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their hedge.	The hedge was huge.	The hedge was 40ft	The hedge was a leylandii.	The hedge was blocking sunlight.	The hedge was blocking sunlight from reaching Audrey Alexander's home.	There was a feud in 1980.	The hedge blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch.	Council rules that hedge can stay.	Council rules that hedge must be cut back to 20 ft.
Catherine Nevin was allowed out.	Catherine Nevin was jailed for life.	Catherine Nevin was jailed in April	Catherine Nevin was jailed in 2000	Catherine Nevin is a 62 year old.	Catherine Nevin was seen on the bus.	Catherine Nevin was with a pal.	Catherine Nevin was walking around in Dublin.	Catherine Nevin sat on a bus.	Catherine Nevin sat next to a commuter.	Catherine Nevin was unnoticed.	Catherine Nevin is Ireland's most infamous prisoner.	Catherine Nevin murdered husband.	Tom was Catherine Nevin's husband	Catherine Nevin murdered her husband in 1996.
Didier Drogba given an award.	Didier Drogba given Barclays Spirit of the Game Award.	Didier Drogba was a 37 year old.	Didier Drogba's foundation has done impressive work.	Didier Drogba's foundation has done work in Africa.	Some of Chelsea's stars attended a charity ball.	The charity ball raised 400,000.	Click here for all the latest Chelsea News .
There are figures/numbers from the Catholic Church.	Figures/Numbers show more and more becoming nuns.	A number of women are taking holy vows.	The number of women taking holy vows stood at just seven sometime in the past.	The number of women taking holy vows was seven in 2004.	The number of women taking holy vows had risen to 15.	The number of women taking holy vows had had risen to 15 in 2009.	The number of women taking holy vows had risen to 45.	The number of women taking holy vows had had risen to 45 in the last year.	One father made a statement.	The statement was about the reason people are being led towards religion.	The statement cites ' gap in the market for meaning ' as reason for people being led towards religion
Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead.	Eduardo Vargas had a spectacular strike.	The strike was from 25 yards.	The strike was after 15 minutes.	Charlie Austin doubled the lead.	Charlie Austin scored with a header.	Charlie Austin scored 20 minutes later.	Bobby Zamora made it three.	Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom.	Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off.	Joey Barton scored.
Drew Miller plays for Detroit Red Wings.	Drew Miller was caught by a skate.	Drew Miller was caught in the first period.	Detroit Red Wings played against Ottawa Senators.	The cut required stitches to close.	The cut required 50-60 stitches to close.	The cut did not damage Miller's eye.	The Detroit Red Wings lost 2-1.	The Detroit Red wings remain in third place.	The Detroit Red Wings play in the Atlantic Division.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund.	Jurgen Klopp will leave at the end of the season.	Borussia Dortmund is a German team.	Jurgen Klopp enjoyed success with the club.	Jurgen Klopp had seven - year stint at the club.	Jurgen Klopp is linked with Manchester City.	Jurgen Klopp is linked with Manchester United.	Jurgen Klopp is linked with Arsenal.	Per Mertesacker made a statement about Jurgen Klopp.	Per Mertesacker would like to see Klopp in the Premier League.	Jurgen Klopp is the boss of a German club.
Appleinsider spotted nine listings	Appleinsider spotted listings last month	Appleinsider spotted listings related to batteries	The listings include one for an IOS Battery Life Software Engineer	The listings include one for an IOS Software Power Systems Engineer	Appled improved battery life	The battery life of iphone 6 was improved	The battery life of iphone 6 plus was improved	Apple has been criticized for phones	Apple has been criticized for tablets	The criticism includes that phones don't last a day	The criticism includes that tablets don't last a day
Tournament performances have restored Andy Murray to World No 3 .	Andy Murray has been restored to World No 3 .	The wedding takes Andy Murray's No 1 spot this week .	Andy Murray is going to marry Kim Sears.	The wedding is this week.	Kin Sears is Andy Murray's fiancée.	The wedding is in Dunblane.	The wedding is this coming Saturday.	There are believed to be well over 100 names on the guest list .	The guest list is down - to - earth .
Paula Dunican paid 25.	Paula Dunican paid for the Baby Blue Coat	Paula Dunican paid at her local branch of Asda.	Paula Dunican noticed a ' seeping ' stain.	Paula Dunican noticed stain on the back of coat.	Paula Dunican noticed stain when she took the coat home.	Paula Dunican discovered the reptile ' s crushed body.	Paula Dunican discovered the reptile body on the garment 's lining.	Paula Dunican discovered the body after noticing the stain.	The supermarket apologised.	The supermarket offered Paula Dunican a 40 voucher.	The supermarket offered Paula Dunican a refund.
Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in the Eurovision contest.	Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in 1962.	Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in 1963.	Ronnie Carroll died in London.	Ronnie Carroll died two days ago.	Ronnie Carroll died at the age of 80.	Ronnie Carroll died following a battle with cancer	Ronnie Carroll was running in the general election.	The general election was for Hampstead and Kilburn.	Ronnie Carroll remains on the paper.	Ronnie Carroll will be elected if he gets enough votes.
McHenry was 28 years old.	McHenry berated Gina Michelle.	Gina Michelle was a single mother.	McHenry berated GIna Michelle for towing her car.	McHenry insulted Gina Michelle's looks.	McHenry insulted Gina Michelle's social status.	McHenry insulted Gina Michelle's in a footage.	The footage has gone viral.	ESPN suspended McHenry.	McHenry was a sports reporter.	ESPN suspended McHenry for a week.	McHenry is being investigated.	There were thousands of calls for McHenry to be fired.	McHenry returned this week.
Chloe Owens is 27.	Chloe Owens is from Swanley.	Chloe Owens designed a new app.	The new app is Bump 2 breast .	Chloe Owens came up with the idea when pregnant.	Chloe Owens was pregnant with daughter.	Chloe Owens' daughter is Lola.	Chloe Owens' daughter is now three months.	Chloe Owens says her and husband felt like 'Rabbits in headlights'.	Chloe Owens says her and husband felt a certain way at first.	Chloe Owens' husband is David.	Chloe Owens struggled to remember which boob to use.	Chloe Owens' reference to boobs was for breastfeeding.
Harley Street is a top destination	Harley Street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery.	Patients pay thousands for cosmetic treatments.	Patients hope treatment will change their lives.	Michael is 33.	Michael spent 7,500.	Michael spent 7,500 on a hair transplant.	Michael got hair transplant to boost his self - esteem.	Andrea is 72.	Andrea pays for a facelift.	Andrea husband can't tell the difference after her facelift.
General Motors unveiled their concept car.	General Motors unveiled their car at an event in Shanghai.	Chevrolet - Fnr has Dragonfly Swing doors.	Chevrolet - Fnr has Crystal Laser headlights.	The car is self driving.	The car is electric.	The car's front chairs can swivel round.	The car can be started using just your eyes.	The car can be started using Iris recognition software.
Lynne Abraham is a candidate.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham says she suffered a drop in blood pressure.	The drop in blood pressure was momentary.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham says the drop in blood pressure has never happened before .	A doctor kept candidate / Lynne Abraham from returning to the debate.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham was kept from returning to the debate.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham is a former District Attorney.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham is a 74 - year - old.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .	Candidate / Lynne Abraham is running a campaign .
Bundles of notes spilled onto Interstate 20.	The bundles of notes were spilled in Albilene Texas.	The bundles of notes were spilled on Friday.	Passenger door of vehicle was flung open.	The opening of door released the money onto the road.	Motorists pulled over.	Motorists abandoned their vehicles.	Motorists picked up the cash.	Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested.
Godfrey Elfwick recruited via Twitter.	Godfrey Elfwick to appear on World Have Your Say.	Godfrey Elfwick claimed he had never seen the Star Wars franchise.	Godfrey Elfwick described the films as anti - women.	Godfrey Elfwick described the films as anti - gay.	Godfrey Elfwick said Darth Vader was a black man.	Godfrey Elfwick said Darth Vader was a really bad racial stereotype.
Kathy Ferreiro is born in Cuba.	Kathy Ferreiro's curves have attracted fans on social media.	Kathy Ferreiro loves Bikini.	Kathy Ferreiro says photos of her booty are all natural.	Kathy Ferreiro is Miami based.	Kathy Ferreiro is a party girl.	Kathy Ferreiro hopes to become next Kim Kardashian.	Kathy Ferreiro has a huge following in Colombia	Kathy Ferreiro has a huge following in other Latin American countries.
Accounts vanished from Twitter/the social network.	Thousands of accounts vanished.	Thousands of accounts vanished last week.	Twitter said it received numerous reports.	The reports were about terror promoting users.	Twitter decided to suspend 10,000 accounts.	Twitter suspended accounts for making threats of violence.	Suspensions were linked to a campaign by Collective Anonymous / 'hacktavist'	Collective Anonymous are a 'hacktavist'	The campaign / Collective Anonymous / 'hacktavist' targeted online jihadis.
There were power cuts the weekend before the raid	Locals say power cuts could be linked to heist.	Locals tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises.	Locals tell of noises on evening of Good Friday.	Group was seen returning to scene.	Group was seen on Saturday.	The day after initial break - in was Saturday.	Police admit they didn't respond after alarm went off.	The alarm went off early on Friday.
Flames shot out the manhole .	Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive.	Fire erupted moments after Shiraz Nawaz walked over the manhole.	The manhole was in a busy street .	No - one was hurt in the incident.	Nawaz evacuated the area.	No-one was hurt after Nawaz evacuated the area .	Shiraz Nawaz walked over the manhole.	It is incredible that no - one was hurt.
The ferry is Ao Nang Princess 5 Ferry.	Ferry was in Andaman Sea.	Ferry was on its way from resort of Krabi.	Ferry was travelling to Phuket.	Ferry was five miles from the coast.	Ferry's engine exploded.	Ferry is a 35-metre-long boat.	Ferry caught fire around 3.30 pm.	Ferry sank around 6 pm.	Passengers were seen throwing themselves overboard.	Passengers were rescued.	No injuries reported, but a girl is missing.	Search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl.
The worker was caught on camera.	The worker was caught by a member of the public.	Field owner was Clements and son.	Field owner was alerted.	The worker was a man.	The worker was sacked.	The passer used mobile phone to snap photo.	The passer branded the act disgusting.	Tesco said Vegetables Undergo ' extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria Vote.	Muhammadu Buhar won on a campaign.	Muhammadu Buhar's campaign was against corruption.	Muhammadu Buhar is an ex-dictator.	Jonathan Administration failed to address corruption .	Jonathan Administration failed to address poverty.	Jonathan Administration failed to address rise of Boko Haram .	Muhammadu Buhar may be a tonic.	Nigeria has seen years of misrule.	Tim Stanley is the speaker.	The misrule was by the Jonathan Administration.	There is a reason for optimism.
Bulgaria's Black Sea has resorts	Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Italy	Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Spain	Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Turkey	Cheap prices in Bulgaria are driven by low exchange rates	Cheap prices in Bulgaria are driven by country's high inflation	It's most popular resort is Sunny Beach	The Sunny Beach resort copies resorts in Spain and Greece	Researchers found the cheapest destination	Researchers used imaginary shopping basket	Researchers used imaginary shopping basket to find cheapest destination
There is a series of photos	The photos appear to show a beheading.	The beheading is of a man.	The beheading is in Hama in Syria.	Man is handcuffed.	Man is blindfolded.	Man is led from a van.	Man led to area of land .	Man is surrounded by men with guns.	There is an executioner.	Executioner has a meat cleaver	It is claimed that beheading ocurred because man is an alleged ' blasphemer ' .	It is alleged that man is ' blasphemer ' .	The photos have Graphic Content.
Denise and Glen Higgs are a couple.	The couple thought they 'd never have children.	Glen Higgs was infertile.	Cancer treatment caused the infertility.	The couple tried IVF.	The couple are from Braunton , Devon.	The couple had Mazy.	The couple tried again using the same batch.	The couple had twins last week.	Mazy was born three years ago.	The twins are Carter & Carson.
A Speed Camera was discovered pointing at a house.	The house was in Handsworth.	Handsworth was in Birmingham.	Fixed cameras were switched off across the West Midlands.	Fixed cameras were switched off across West Midlands in Spring of 2013.	She is not going to be part of a new trial.	The trial is about digital technology.	Obsolete camera may be taken down.	Engineers examine the device.
Charles Terreni was 18.	Charles Terreni was found dead.	Charles Terreni was found at a frat house.	The frat house is in Columbia.	Charles Terreni was a USC freshman.	Charles Terreni was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha House .	Coroner identified cause of death.	Toxicology tests showed the blood alcohol.	The blood alcohol was .375 .	Neighbors said there was a large party.	A beer keg was still visible outside.	Cause of death identified was alcohol poisoning.	Charles Terreni was found on March 18.
Air strikes were launched by Saudi forces.	Air strikes were launched a month ago.	Air strikes were launched against rebels.	Saudi forces have been beating back Shite Houthi.	Shite Houthis are rebels.	Shite Houthis are in Yemen.	Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged Bentleys.	Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged for pilots involved in bombings.	Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal / He pleged on Wednesday.	Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal / He pledged after bombing raids resumed.	Bombing raids resumed despite official announcement that they would be halted.	The official announcement came last night.
A fight (could also be called brawl or confrontation) occurred.	The fight happened at Spring Gardens Station.	The fight was captured on CCTV.	Fight involved students.	Students involved were from Benjamin Franklin High School.	Benjamin Franklin High School is nearby.	At one point an attacker fell.	An attacker fell onto the tracks.	The fallen attacker managed to get back up.	After the confrontation, the victims and attackers walked onto the same train .	Victims walked onto a train after confrontation.	Attackers walked onto a train after confrontation.	The fight happened in Philadelphia.
Paul and Laura Elliott met half way round.	Paul and Laura Elliott met at St Katharine Docks.	Ceremony was witnessed by guests.	The ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests.	Paul and Laura Elliott ran across finish line.	Paul and Laura Elliott ran under a shower of confetti.	Paul and Laura Elliott returned to scene of ceremony.	Paul and Laura Elliott returned for a party later on.	7000 was raised for Cancer Research.	THe money was raise in honour of Paul's father.
Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car.	Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car driving around.	Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car last autumn.	Nasr Bitar decided it was ' his time to shine '.	Nasr Bitar followed in his car to get a selfie.	Nasr Bitar followed Google Street View car.	Nasr Bitar sensing the perfect moment in Mississauga.	Nasr Bitar got out and took the snap.	Picture of Nasr's selfie and the Street View Image was shared.	The image was shared 2.9 million times.
Rory Mcilroy is bidding to win a Masters title	This will be the first Masters title in Rory Mcilroy's career	The Masters competition will take place in Augusta	Rory Mcilroy is a Northern Irishman	Rory Mcilroy finished eighth in Georgia	Rory Mcilroy played last year	Rory Mcilroy played in Georgia	Rory Mcilroy won the Open last year	Rory Mcilroy won the USPGA championship last year	Rory Mcilroy is looking for third straight major victory	Niall Horan is a one direction star	Niall Horan caddied for Rory Mcilroy	Rory Mcilroy was in a contest on Wednesday	Rory Mcilroy scored par - 3 in the contest
Danny Higginbotham has a new book .	Danny Higginbotham spent time under Roy Keane.	The book covers Danny Higginbotham's time under Roy Keane .	Danny Higginbotham played for Sunderland.	Sunderland was Roy Keane's team.	Danny Higginbotham played for Sunderland during the 2007 - 08 season	Roy Keane told his players ` basically you 're s *** '.	Roy Keane told his players ` basically you 're s *** ' before a game with Aston Villa.	Roy Keane told one player he was ` not f ****** Good Enough ' to play for the club .
A bed was dumped.	A bed was left in a hotel car park.	The bed was a four - poster bed.	The bed sold at auction for 2,200.	Owner suspected it had historic value.	Experts have been investigating.	Historian now claims the bed belonged to Henry VII .	DNA from the timber proves who the bed belonged to, it is claimed.	The bed is ornate.	The bed is now on display.	The bed was made for Henry VII / King.	The bed was also made for Henry VII's wife / King's wife / Elizabeth of York .	Elizabeth of York was wife of Henry VII / King.	The bed sold at an auction.
An attorney says Robert Bates made an assumption.	An attorney says Robert Bates assumed the gun is a taser because Bates saw a laser sight on the gun .	Harris family lawyers say there are differences between the gun and Taser.	An officer in California made a statement in 2009.	An officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun.	An officer in California also said he used his gun instead of a taser.	An attorney says Robert Bates thought the gun was a Taser.
Bieber is the singer.	Singer/Bieber arrived at the artists' entrance.	Singer/Bieber tried to gain entry to Drake's gig .	Security said area was at full capacity.	Security denied admission.	A row erupted.	A staffer tried to get singer/Bieber into the gig .	That staffer was a Coachella staffer .	Security intervened.	Security put singer/Bieber in chokehold.	Security removed singer/Bieber from the area .	Admission was denied to singer/Bieber.	The security was festival security.
Sir Philip Carter died at his home.	Sir Philip Carter died on Thursday morning.	Sir Philip Carter died after a short illness.	Sir Philip Carter served Everton.	Sir Philip Carter served during three spells.	Sir Philip Carter joined the club in 1977.	Toffees chairman is Bill Kenwright.	Bill Kenwright pays tribute to Sir Philip Carter.	Bill Kenwright calls Sir Philip Carter a ' great man and Leader '.
Ace is a Border Collie.	Holly is a Border Collie.	The Border Collies (or Ace and Holly) were caught on camera.	The Border Collies performed a gravity defying feat.	The Border Collies were pooches.	The Border Collies / pooches stood on their hind legs.	The Border Collies stood on their owner/their trainer/Dai Aoki.	Dai Aoki is the trainer of the Border Collies/pooches.	Dai Aoki is the owner of the Border Collies/pooches.	The Border Collies have appeared in a number of videos.	The videos show the Border Collies showing off their tricks.
Dayna Dobias is 19 years old.	Dayna Dobias has created a video.	In Dayna Dobias's video, she dances.	Dayna Dobias has a disability.	Dayna Dobias's disability makes it difficult for her to walk.	Dayna Dobias loves TV.	Dayna Dobias loves film.	Dayna Dobias loves fashion.	Dayna Dobias is not happy with how people with disabilities are represented.	Dayna Dobias has created several videos.	Dayna Dobias's videos aim at changing stereotypes.	Dayna Dobias has created several videos during the past year.
Manchester United take on Manchester City.	The match is going to take place on Sunday.	The match will begin at 4 pm.	The match will take place at Old Trafford Home.	Police have no objections to the kick-off being late in the afternoon.	34 fans were arrested at Wembley.	The fans were arrested in 2011.	The fans were arrested in FA Cup semi-final.	The fans were arrested in the last late afternoon weekend kick-off.	The fans were arrested in the last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the Manchester Derby.
Kamal criticised decision.	Decision was to award no - ball against Rohit Sharma.	Decision was controversial.	Decision was Umpires' decision.	Decision was in World Cup match.	India and Bangladesh played World Cup match.	An allegation was made that India had used its influence in the ICC.	Bangladeshi president made an allegation.	Governing Body asked Bangladeshi president to withdraw his statement or apologise.	Kamal confirmed his intention.	Kamal's intention was to step down.	Governing Body made request to Bangladeshi president.
Floy Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off.	The face off will happen in Las Vegas.	The face off will happen on May 2.	Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather's unbeaten record is a burden.	Mayweather has an unbeaten record.	Joe Calzaghe is a Welshman.	Joe Calzaghe thinks Mayweather will beat Manny Pacquiao.	Ricky Hatton gives prediciton to Jeff Powell.	The tickets of the face off go on sale.
Winchester Council is in Hampshire	Winchester Council claimed annual clean - up	Winchester Council was hit by new rules.	Health and Safety Executive denied tightening rules.	Health and Safety Executive said that counciles were over-interpreting legislation.	Sir Andrew Motion is a poet laureate.	Sir Andrew Motion accused Town Hall bosses.	Sir Andrew Motion accused Highways Agency.	The accusation was of ruining the countryside.	The accusation was of failing to remove rubbish.
Simon Wood was 38 years old.	Simon Wood was from Oldham.	Simon Wood won Masterchef.	Simon Wood won Masterchef last Friday.	Simon Wood was a father of four.	Simon Wood got cooking skills.	Simon Wood fed his culinary creations to his kids.	Simon Wood was an award winning chef.	Simon Wood talked about his favourite meals.	One of Simon Wood's favourite meals was a plain omelette.
Gerhard Tremmel plays for Swansea	Gerhard Tremmel was in goal	Gerhard Tremmel played for free agents' 4 -4-2	Glen Johnson was at the back	Kolo Toure was at the back	Ron Vlaar was at the back	Luke Garbutt was at the back	James Milner was in midfield	Mikel Arteta was in the midfield	Tom Cleverly was in the midfield	Jonas Gutierrez was in the midfield	Danny Ings plays for Burnley	Danny Ings was up front	James Wilson plays for Manchester United	James Wilson was up front
Matt Pliska has Down syndrome.	Matt Pliska is a High School student.	Mikenzy Snell is a High School student.	The High School is a Michigan High School.	Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska made plans.	The plan was to go to junior prom together.	The plans were made last year.	There was a prom picture.	The pair / Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska had a prom picture.	The pair / Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska held up a sign in the prom picture.	The sign read : ` Real Friends don't count chromosomes '.	The sign references a fact about Down syndrome / chromosomes.	People with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21.
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention.	Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit.	Michael Scott Shemansky was supposed to visit his son.	Michael Scott Shemansky was supposed to visit his son on Saturday.	Sandra Shemansky / mother / wife of Michael Shemansky was found dead.	Sandra Shemansky / mother / wife of Michael Shemansky was 57 years old.	Sandra Shemansky / mother / wife of Michael Shemansky was found dead on Saturday / same day.	Sandra Shemansky / mother / wife of Michael Shemansky was found dead at their home.	Sandra Shemansky / mother / wife of Michael Shemansky was found dead in Winter Garden.	Sandra Shemansky / mother / wife of Michael Shemansky was found dead in Florida.	Michael Shemansky was going through a difficult divorce.	Neighbors believe the stress of the divorce may have caused Michael to snap.
Bayern Munich beat Porto.	Bayern Munich won  6 - 1.	Bayern Munich won in Champions League.	Bayern Munich won on Tuesday.	Bayern Munich is managed by Pep Guardiola.	Bayern Munich progressed in the competition.	Bayern Munich reached semi-finals.	Bayern Munich progressed 7 - 4 on aggregate.	Thomas Muller scored 27th Champions League goal.	Thomas Muller passed Mario Gomez in goals.	Thomas Muller is now the leading German scorer in the competition.	After the game Thomas Muller led the celebrations.	Thomas Muller led the celebrations using a megaphone.
Domenico Rancadore given a sentence.	Domenico Rancadore sentenced for 7 years.	Domenico Rancadore sentenced by Italian court.	Domenico Rancadore sentenced in 1999.	Domenico Rancadore was convicted for role as Man of Honour.	Domenico Rancadore took bribes from builders.	Domenico Rancadore was a Sicilian Mafia fugitive.	Domenico Rancadore lost battle against extradition to Italy.	Today a news emerged.	Domenico Rancadore was a 65 year old.	Domenico Rancadore's case expired in October last year.
Baron is a German Shepard.	Baron/Pup was filmed.	Baron/Pup helped get the dishes done at home	Baron/Pup's home is in California.	Baron/Pup was filmed when he helped get the dishes done at home.	Baron/Pup was professionally trained.	Baron/Pup was trained at the Hill Country K9 School.	Baron/Pup dishwashing clip has been watched over 27,000 times.	Viewers have deemed the dog's cleaning antics ' cute '.	Viewers have deemed the dog's cleaning antics ' adorable '.
Jihadis face fines fines for wearing Nike products.	Jihadis face whipping for wearing Nike products.	Jihadis face jail time for wearing Nike products.	Jihadis have banned Nike products.	Ban is due to the brand name.	The Nike brand name is shared with a Greek goddess.	Ban is also due to how the brand name sounds in Arabic.	The brand name sounds like sexual slang words in Arabic.	People under ISIS are already banned from wearing jeans.	ISIS also banned items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words.
Lorraine Bracco was asked to be Carmela.	Lorraine Bracco was asked by sopranos creator.	Lorraine Bracco is an actress.	Lorraine Bracco / the actress turned the sopranos creator/him down.	Lorraine Bracco / the actress played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas / Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas.	Lorraine Bracco turned the offer down because she played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.	Goodfellas was released in 1990.	David Chase was a showrunner.	David Chase was convinced to let Lorraine Bracco play the role of Dr. Jennifer Melfi.
Kevin Carr set off on his journey from Haytor.	Kevin Carr set off on his journey from Dartmoor.	Kevin Carr set off on his journey in July 2013.	Kevin Carr is less than 24 hours away from completing his trip.	Kevin Carr ran around the world unsupported.	Kevin Carr ran with his tent.	Kevin Carr is set to break the previous record.	Kevin Carr is set to break the record by 24 hours.	The previous record was held by an Australian.
David Axelrod masterminded election victories .	David Axelrod was behind two election victories.	The past election victories were for presidential elections.	David Axelrod was hired by Labour leader Ed Miliband.	The hiring occurred last year.	The hiring occurred amid great fanfare.	David Axelrod revealed something at a book launch.	David Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in UK .	David Axelrod is paid in dollars.	David Axelrod is paid through consultancy firm .	Labour confirms details of David Axelrod's payment.	The past election victories were for Obama.
HBO is a US based network.	HBO is the network behind Game of Thrones	HBO is the network behind the Sopranos.	HBO service is available on Apple TV.	HBO service is available on IOS	HBO service is available exclusively for three months.	Apple has also cut the price of Apple TV.	The Apple TV price was 99.	The Apple TV price now is 65 to 69.	HBO service is available exclusively on Apple TV and IOS.
Huma Abedin came under fire.	Huma Abedin did not tip.	The lunch was at Chipotle was in Iowa.	Not tipping was the reason for the criticism.	Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's most trusted aide.	Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's aide for the 2016 campaign.	Huma Abedin's husband is Anthony Weiner.	The lunch was Mexican.	The lunch was on Saturday.	Huma Abedin went for lunch.	Husband / Anthony Weiner went for lunch.	The weekend was one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing.	The not tipping occurred at Chipotle.
Gary was a British name.	Gary was the 147th most popular British name in 1996.	Gary was the 1001st most popular British name in 2013.	Gary reached height of its popularity in 1964.	Gary was the 16th most popular British name in 1964 (or at the height of its popularity).	Dexter is one of the top 100 most popular British names.	Jenson is now one of the top 100 most popular British names.
Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her label	Leanne Mitchell sings at a holiday camp	Andrea Begley is yet to become a household name	Jermain Jackman is yet to become a household name	Stevie won in 2015	Will Stevie become a chart success?	Will Stevie become another voice flop?
Alexandra Harra is Romanian born	Alexandra Harra is 28	Alexandra Harra has become an Instagram star.	Alexandra Harra posed for playboy.	Alexandra Harra is a model.	Alexandra Harra posts selfies on Instagram.	Alexandra Harra selfie's have inspirational messages.	Alexandra Harra dyed his locks black.	Alexandra Harra is being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian.
Nadir Ciftci celebrated.	Nadir Ciftci blew a kiss.	The kiss was directed to rival goalkeeper.	The rival goalkeeper was Scott Bain.	Ciftci was left blushing.	Rivals earned an impressive victory .	The win gave hosts / Dundee their first Derby win in more than a decade .	The win was a Dundee win.	Hosts were Dundee.	Greg Stewart scored goal/goals.	Jake mcpake scored goal/goals.	Paul Heffernen scored goal/goals.	The goals secured a win.
Fashion Week was in Australia.	Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week was in Australia.	Fashion week was in 2015.	Fashion week ended on Thursday night.	Fashion week ended in Sydney.	Maticevski was a stand-out show.	Romance was born was a stand-out show.	Tome was a stand-out show.	Steven Khalil was a stand-out show.	Johanna Johnson was a stand-out show.	Sheer fabrics were recurring trends.	Metallic fabrics were recurring trends.	Slouchy silhouettes were recurring trends.	Voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends.
Lindsay Sandiford is afraid	Lindsay Sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad	Andrew Chan was killed	Myuran Sukumaran was killed	Lindsay Sandiford is 58 year old.	Lindsay Sandiford has been on a death row.	Lindsay Sandiford has been in Bali.	Lindsay Sandiford has been on a death row since 2012.	Lindsay Sandiford was convicted in 2012.	Lindsay Sandiford was convicted for attempting to smuggle cocaine	The cocaine was worth 1.6 million	Myuran Sukumaran had a final KFC bucket meal	Andrew Chan had a final KFC bucket meal
Abby Bishop took in her niece	Niece is named Zala	Niece / Zala was two days old when Abby Bishop took her in	Abby Bishop took in her niece in August 2013	Niece / Zala is now 20 months old	Niece / Zala follows Bishop as she travels the world	Abby Bishop travels the world	Abby Bishop travels for professional basketball teams	Abby Bishop said taking in her niece / Zala was a big decision	Abby Bishop said that she wouldn't change anything	Niece / Zala will go with Abby Bishop when she starts playing in the U.S. WNBA	Abby Bishop will play for the U.S. WNBA in May
One Pro Cycling preparing to take on Team Sky	One Pro Cycling preparing to take on Sir Bradley Wiggins.	Tour de Yorkshire runs over three stages.	Tour de Yorkshire starts in Bridlington.	Tour de Yorkshire starts on May 1.	Tour de Yorkshire is inspired by Tour de France Grand.	Prior's team departs for Tour de Yorkshire.
East of England Ambulance Service warned about hoax calls	The Ambulance Service warned that hoax calls can cost lives	Woman reported someone had been run over	Actual victim in the incident reported by the woman was a squirrel	A man dialled 999.	The man reported that he dropped a burger	The man reported that the dropped burger was bleeding
Ben Flower was banned for 6 months.	Ben Flower returned from ban.	Ben Flower returned on Thursday night.	Ben Flower is a forward.	Ben Flower plays for Wales.	Ben Flower had punched Lance Hohaia.	Lance Hohaia plays for St Helens	Ben Flower had punched in last season's grand final.	Ben Flower had punched in the opening moments of a match.	Ben Flower is a 27 year old.	Ben Flower received a brilliant reception.	Wigan played against Warrington.	Wigan won 30 - 20.
A hotel is designed by Jacques Garcia.	The hotel is opulent.	The hotel is edgy.	The hotel is inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era.	The hotel is named Pigalle Haunt.	The hotel has Arabian decor.	The hotel has Napoleon III decor.	The hotel reminds of the cit's pleasure houses.	The hotel has a conservatory.	The conservatory is charming.	The conservatory is available for guest use.	The hotel has a library bar.	The hotel has a celestial spa.	The library bar is available for guest use.	The celestial spa is available for guest use.	The celestial spa is available for private rental.
Steven Finn plays for England	Steven Finn was left out of the England squad	England tour West Indies	Steven Finn is a Middlesex Quick Bowler	Steven Finn has regained form	Steven Finn's form returned after 12 months	Steven Finn said he's back to bowling	Steven Finn said he's bowling like he was a carefree 21 year old	Steven Finn has 23 test caps for England	Steven Finn played for England last in 2013
Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus.	Paul Armstrong celebrated new job.	Paul Armstrong's new job was as IT project manager.	Paul Armstrong was stopped at the Airport.	Paul Armstrong had a stun gun.	Paul Armstrong had a baton.	Paul Armstrong had a Knuckle Duster.	Paul Armstrong had many objects in his bag.	Paul Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm.	Paul Armstrong lost his job.	Paul Armstrong did not start his job.	Paul Armstrong was 26 years old.	Paul Armstrong was sentenced.	Paul Armstrong was sentenced to eight months in jail.	Paul Armstrong was suspended for two years.
Alex Perry is an Australian.	Alex Perry is a fashion designer.	The designer/Alex Perry won't show at this year's MBFWA.	The designer/Alex Perry is excited to enjoy the shows from front row.	The designer/Alex Perry is going to watch the shows from front row.	This year's MBFWA will be the designer's / Alex Perry's second MBFWA he has missed in two decades.	The designer/Alex Perry is focusing on global expansion.	The designer/Alex Perry is focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East .	This year's MBFWA will be the designer's / Alex Perry's second MBFWA he has missed.
There was a performance at an Indiana public school.	The performance was of American Pie.	The performance ended in tragedy.	The performance was on Wednesday.	A riser buckled at the performance.	The riser buckled as many danced on-stage.	More than a dozen people were injured.	The school is Westfield High.	One student was taken to a hospital in critical condition.	Students said there had been no issues previously.	Students said they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
Manchester City have been linked with Raheem Sterling.	Manchester City have been linked with summer move for Raheem Sterling.	Raheem Sterling has two years left on his contract.	Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new deal.	Brendan Rodgers says a move to city would not be a step up for Sterling.	Brendan Rodgers indicated it will take Manchester City 20 years to eclipse Liverpool.
Chinese eateries could be using illegal meat.	Up to one in five Chinese eateries could be using illegal meat .	Chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .	Charity says how illegal meat is disguised / concealed.	The illegal meat is often disguised on menu.	The illegal meat is often only offered if requested.	People can bring meat into UK.	20 kg of meat can be brought into UK.	Meat can be brought for personal consumption.	Meat can be brought due to a loophole.
There are two types of cereal in an Easter egg.	An Easter egg is with marshmallows.	An Easter egg is with Brownies.	An Easter egg is served.	Black Milk Cafe is in Manchester's Northern Quarter.	'Easter is less about what is used to mean , ' owner/Olly Taylor said .	An Easter egg is served at Black Milk Cafe.	Olly Taylor is cafe owner.
The European Union will accuse Google	Google will be accused of illegally abusing its supremacy	The European Union could find Google	The fine could be more than 4 billion	The fine could be 10 per cent of Google's annual revenue	Brussels to say Google uses search engine  to divert traffic	The traffic is diverted to Google's own services	Google boasts a 90 percent share in Europe's search engine market
Phil Smith is 25.	Phil Smith forgot his keys.	Phil Smith scaled a fence.	Phil Smith scaled the fence to try to get in his flat.	Phil Smith is a teaching assistant.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant was climbing through a window.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant fell and hit his head.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant fell while climbing through a window.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant  fractured his skull.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant suffered a bleed on the brain.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant suffered a blood clot.	Parents paid tribute to Phil Smith.	Parents refer to Phil Smith as ' Lovely Son '.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant worked at Special Needs School.
Emmanuel Adebayor has contract with Tottenham.	Emmanuel Adebayor's contract runs out in 2016.	Emmanuel Adebayor is a striker.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker wants more than his current salary.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the stirker earns 5.2 million.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker wants more than his current salary before accepting a move out of White Hart Lane.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker is from Togolese.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker has made nine league starts.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker has made nine league starts this season.
John Helm was commentating on the game.	John Helm was commentating on the day the fire broke out.	John Helm gives his insight about what caused the fire.	The fire was caused 30 years ago.	John Helm said there wasn't a lot of evidence to suggest the fire was caused deliberately.
Rory Mcilroy faced with Jamie Dornan.	Jamie Dornan was in fifty shades of Grey.	mcilroy and Dornan took part in the Circular Soccer Showdown.	It was the first circular soccer showdown of 2015.	Mcilroy finished strongly.	Mcilroy finished fourth.	Mcilroy played at the masters.	It Won't be too long before mcilroy wins a Masters .
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show.	Chris Christie called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor.	Chris Christie called out Jimmy Fallon.	Jimmy Fallon brought out ice cream.	The ice cream was for the two to share.	Chris Christie hoarded the ice cream.	The ice cream was a pint of ice cream.	The ice cream was brought out later in the program.	Chris Christie was asked if he would run for president.	Chris Christie said ; ' I ’ve got a day job which keeps me busy ' .	Chris Christie said ; ' I ’ve got a day job which keeps me busy '  when asked if he would run for president.
Qantas' on time rating slipped.	Qantas' on time rating is now 75th, out of the airlines using Heathrow .	There are 80 airlines using Heathrow .	Quantas airline could loose their landing strips at Heathrow airport.	Heathrow is a popular airport.	Quantas airline has eight landing strips at Heathrow airport.	Quantas airline is facing a fine.	The fine that Quantas airline is facing is over 38,000 for every late flight.	The fine that Quantas airline is facing is applied to every late flight.	Qantas blamed air congestion.	Qantas blamed air congestion at Heathrow Airport.	Qantas blamed air congestion at Dubai Airport.
Christopher Starrs was spared jail	Christopher Starrs was spared in an ` Act of Mercy '.	Christopher Starrs was spared by a Judge.	Christopher Starrs was spared in January.	Senior judge has now said his colleague took his eye off the ball	The senior judge is Nicholas Cooke QC	The senior judge said starrs should have been jailed	Christopher Starrs is wheelchair bound	The senior judge thinks Christopher Starrs should thank his lucky stars.	Christopher Starrs sentence was allowed to stand
Real Madrid played Granada.	Real Madrid played at the Weekend.	Granada played at the weekend.	Real Madrid beat Granada.	Real Madrid beat Granada 9 - 1.	Cristiano Ronaldo scored five.	Cristiano Ronaldo's tally is 36 for the season.	Real travel to Rayo Vallecano.	Real play on Wednesday night.	Rayo Vallecano play on Wednesday night.	Juventus played Fiorentina.	Juventus beat Fiorentina 3 - 0.	Juventus reach Coppa Italia Final.	Juventus reach Coppa Italia Final on Tuesday.
Kevin Pietersen was sacked by England.	Kevin Pietersen was sacked 14 months ago.	Kevin Pietersen was sacked after Ashes defeat.	Kevin Pietersen is a Batsman.	Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey.	Kevin Pietersen played last week .	Kevin Pietersen made a return to county cricket.	Kevin Pietersen wants his return to be sensational.	Kevin Pietersen wants to make a return to the England side.	Kevin Pietersen wants to make a return this year .	Andrew Flintoff thinks time is running out for Kevin Pietersen to resurrect his career.
If Carl Froch doesn't fight in 2015 I 'm not sure he 'll be back at all .	A blockbuster with James degale is most likely	A blockbuster with James degale is most likely after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr defeat	Anthony Dirrell has made contact .	Scott Quigg - Carl Frampton Summer Fight Is Dead in the water .
A clip shows a mysterious black cloud.	The cloud was hanging over Shortandy.	The cloud was in the shape of a hoop.	The cloud did not move for more than 15 minutes.	The clip has been viewed many times.	The views on the clip are in the tens of thousands.	The clip has been viewed on YouTube.	The viewers suggest that the cloud was an alien spacecraft.	Experts think the cloud could have been caused by nearby factories.
Members of Barrio 18 gang were handcuffed	Members of Barrio 18 gang were marched onto buses	Images show the members	Members of Barrio 18 gang were transferred to a different jail	Total 1177 members were transferred	In the different jail, the members will mix with Mara Salvatrucha/their arch rival	The arch rival of the members of Barrio 18 gang is Mara Salvatrucha	The gang members will not be classified by gang affiliation	The gang members will now be classified by how dangerous they are