Anuradha Koirala has been sleeping outdoors.	425/many young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors.	Many people have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks.	Anuradha Koirala was a CNN Hero.	Pushpa Basnet was forced to evacuate her residence.	Pushpa Basnet cares for 45 children.	The children were forced to evacuate their residence.	Pushpa Basnet was a CNN Hero.	Seven other CNN Heros were now assisting relief efforts.	The organizations of CNN Heros were now assisting relief efforts.
coins is the money	Students from the University of Surrey discovered thousands of colonies	Students submerged coins in agar.	Students submerged notes in agar.	Submerging things in agar accelerated growth PF bacteria.	Most bacteria was harmless on the money.	One bacteria caused boils.	One bacteria caused spots.	Previous studies revealed MRSA bacteria	Previous studies revealed on notes and coins
join is Transfer	Danilo this week agreed to join Real Madrid in the summer for £ 23million	join will take total raised from player sales to £ 440 m	join will take since 2004	total raised from player sales	total raised to £ 440 m	James Rodriguez sold by Porto.	Pepe sold by Porto.	Radamel Falcao sold by Porto.	Players sold by Porto.	CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Dominatrix claims she shared a kiss.	The kiss was hot.	The kiss was deep.	Dominatrix claimed she kissed Prince Harry.	Dominatrix claimed she kissed in Vegas.	Carrie Reichert was a dominatrix.	Carri Reichert / dominatrix said she felt overdressed.	Carri Reichert / dominatrix said she saw Prince Harry's a**.	Carri Reichert / the 43 year old claimed in her book.	The book was upcoming.	Dominatrix is The 43 - year - old	claims is the claim	Kensington Palace previously denied Dominatrix was invited to the hotel suite	Dominatrix was invited to the hotel suite
Eva Chapi has been accused of harassment.	Eva Chapin is 34 years old.	Eva Chapi is from West Linn.	Eva Chapi is from Oregon.	Eva Chapi referred to her neighbors as ' n ***** '.	Eva Chapi insists she is not racist.	Eva Chapi wront a note.	The note said that there were non [ expletive ] in West Linn untill the neighbors came.	Victim/neighbors said her family may be forced to move.	Victim/neighbors said they don't feel safe.
Justin Rose played at the Masters 2015.	Justin Rose played at the Masters 2015 on 14-under-par.	Justin Rose finished as joint runner-up.	Justin Rose's total has only been bettered six times at the The Masters.	Justin Rose hopes to build on Justin Rose display and take some big titles across the year	Justin Rose take some big titles	Justin Rose take across the year
Girl was playing with friend	Girl was playing when Zbigniew Huminski forced Chloe 's into car	when Zbigniew Huminski forced Chloe 's	when Zbigniew Huminski forced into car	Chloe's naked body was found.	Chloe's body was found in nearby woods.	Chloe's body was found an hour - and - A - half later.	Prosecutors say there is evidence.	The evidence was of ' strangulation and sexual violence '.	Zbigniew Huminski is a Polish immigrant.	Zbigniew Huminski was heading to England.	Zbigniew Huminski has admitted to killing.
Pair were left homeless	Pair were left after storms	Pair met in Connecticut trailer park	only cashed prize	only cashed after Easter	only cashed to mark new start	The lottery winner was thrilled.	The lottery winner said they met love of their life because of Sandy.
Cesc Fabregas is Former Barcelona man	Cesc Fabregas was caught by trailing arm of Stoke City ace Charlie Adam	Chelsea 's home win is the game	Cesc Fabregas picked the injury	Cesc Fabregas picked during Chelsea 's home win	Stoke City ace Charlie Adam scored wonder goal	Stoke City ace Charlie Adam scored during Chelsea 's home win	wonder goal was n't enough	Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram	Cesc Fabregas took to show Cesc Fabregas was all smiles despite the bruises	Cesc Fabregas was all	Cesc Fabregas was smiles	Cesc Fabregas was despite the bruises
Maren Sanchez was 16 year old.	Maren Sanchez stabbed to death.	Maren Sanchez was stabbed a year ago.	Maren Sanchez was stabbed on the day of Prom.	The life of Maren Sanchez was celebrated on Saturday.	The life of Maren Sanchez was celebrated by hundreds of people.	Someone doesn't thinks there's anything sad about the celebration.	Christopher Plaskon was a classmate of Maren Sanchez.	Christopher Plaskon has been charged with Sanchez's murder.
Audrey Alexander wanted Audrey Alexander neighbours to chop down her neighbours huge hedge	Audrey Alexander claims their huge hedge was blocking sunlight from reaching Audrey Alexander home	their huge hedge was blocking sunlight	their huge hedge was blocking from reaching Audrey Alexander home	Feud started in 1980 when their huge hedge blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch	when their huge hedge blocked light	when their huge hedge blocked from reaching a vegetable patch	light reaching a vegetable patch	Council rules that hedge can stay.	Council rules that hedge must be cut back to 20 ft.
Catherine Nevin was allowed out.	Catherine Nevin was jailed for life.	Catherine Nevin was jailed in April	Catherine Nevin was jailed in 2000	Catherine Nevin was unnoticed.	Catherine Nevin is Ireland's most infamous prisoner.	Catherine Nevin is a 62 year old.	Catherine Nevin was seen on the bus.	Catherine Nevin was with a pal.	Catherine Nevin was walking around in Dublin.	Catherine Nevin sat on a bus.	Sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed .	Catherine Nevin murdered husband Tom	Catherine Nevin murdered in 1996
Didier Drogba given the Barclays Spirit of the Game award	Didier Drogba foundation done impressive work	Didier Drogba foundation done in Africa	Some of Chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised £ 400,000	a charity ball which raised £ 400,000	Didier Drogba is The 37 - year - old 's	CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea 's news .
The number of women taking Holy Vows is that figure	Figures from the Catholic Church show more and more becoming nuns	more and more becoming nuns	A number of women are taking holy vows.	The number of women taking holy vows stood at just seven sometime in the past.	The number of women taking holy vows was seven in 2004.	The number of women taking holy vows had risen to 15.	The number of women taking holy vows had had risen to 15 in 2009.	The number of women taking holy vows had risen to 45.	The number of women taking holy vows had had risen to 45 in the last year.	One father made a statement.	The statement was about the reason people are being led towards religion.	The statement cites ' gap in the market for meaning ' as reason for people being led towards religion
Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead.	Eduardo Vargas had a spectacular strike.	The strike was from 25 yards.	The strike was after 15 minutes.	Charlie Austin doubled the lead.	Charlie Austin scored with a header.	Charlie Austin scored 20 minutes later.	Bobby Zamora made it three.	Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom.	Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off.	Joey Barton scored.
Drew Miller plays for Detroit Red Wings.	Drew Miller was caught by a skate.	Drew Miller was caught in the first period.	Detroit Red Wings played against Ottawa Senators.	The cut required stitches to close.	The cut required 50-60 stitches to close.	The cut did not damage Miller's eye.	The Detroit Red Wings lost 2-1.	The Detroit Red wings remain in third place.	The Detroit Red Wings play in the Atlantic Division.
Jurgen Klopp is German boss	Borussia Dortmund is club	Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund	Jurgen Klopp will leave at the end of the season	Jurgen Klopp enjoyed success with the club.	Jurgen Klopp had seven - year stint at the club.	Jurgen Klopp is linked with Manchester City.	Jurgen Klopp is linked with Manchester United.	Jurgen Klopp is linked with Arsenal.	Per Mertesacker says Mertesacker would like to see Jurgen Klopp in the Premier League	Mertesacker would like to see Jurgen Klopp in the Premier League
nine listings is These	iOS is Apple	AppleInsider spotted nine listings	AppleInsider spotted in the past month	AppleInsider spotted relating to batteries	nine listings relating to batteries	The listings include one for an IOS Battery Life Software Engineer	The listings include one for an IOS Software Power Systems Engineer	Appled improved battery life	The battery life of iphone 6 was improved	The battery life of iphone 6 plus was improved	iOS been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day	phones and tablets that only n't last a day
wedding to Kim Sears is marry	Tournament performances restored Andy Murray	Tournament performances restored to World No 3	Kim Sears is fiancée    Sears	But it 's wedding to Kim Sears that takes Andy Murray No 1 spot this week	wedding to Kim Sears that takes Andy Murray	wedding to Kim Sears that takes No 1 spot	wedding to Kim Sears that takes this week	Andy Murray is due to wedding to Kim Sears Kim Sears in Dunblane this coming Saturday	There are believed to be well over 100 names on down - to - earth guest list .
Paula Dunican paid 25.	Paula Dunican paid for the Baby Blue Coat	Paula Dunican paid at her local branch of Asda.	The supermarket apologised.	Paula Dunican noticed a ' seeping ' stain.	Paula Dunican noticed stain on the back of coat.	Paula Dunican noticed stain when she took the coat home.	Paula Dunican discovered the reptile ' s crushed body.	Paula Dunican discovered the reptile body on the garment 's lining.	Paula Dunican discovered the body after noticing the stain.	Asda apologised a £ 40 voucher and refund	Asda offered Paula Dunican	Asda offered a £ 40 voucher and refund
Ronnie Carroll placed fourth	Ronnie Carroll placed in the Eurovision contest	Ronnie Carroll placed in 1962 and 1963	Ronnie Carroll died in London.	Ronnie Carroll died two days ago.	Ronnie Carroll died at the age of 80.	Ronnie Carroll died following a battle with cancer	Ronnie Carroll was running in the General Election for Hampstead and Kilburn	Ronnie Carroll remains on the paper	Ronnie Carroll will elected if Ronnie Carroll gets enough votes	Ronnie Carroll gets enough votes
McHenry was 28 years old.	McHenry berated Gina Michelle.	Gina Michelle was a single mother.	McHenry berated GIna Michelle for towing her car.	McHenry is being investigated.	McHenry insulted Gina Michelle's looks.	McHenry insulted Gina Michelle's social status.	McHenry insulted Gina Michelle's in a footage.	The footage has gone viral.	ESPN suspended McHenry , 28 ,	ESPN suspended for a week	ESPN suspended amid investigation	There were thousands of calls for McHenry to be fired.	McHenry returned this week.
Chloe Owens is 27.	Chloe Owens is from Swanley.	Chloe Owens designed a new app.	The new app is Bump 2 breast .	Chloe Owens came up with the idea when pregnant.	Chloe Owens was pregnant with daughter.	Chloe Owens' daughter is now three months.	Chloe Owens' daughter is Lola.	Chloe Owens says her and husband felt like 'Rabbits in headlights'.	Chloe Owens says her and husband felt a certain way at first.	Chloe Owens' husband is David.	Chloe Owens' reference to boobs was for breastfeeding.	Also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding
Harley Street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery	Patients pay thousands	Patients pay for treatments Patients hope will change Patients lives	Patients hope will change Patients lives	treatments will change Patients lives	Michael is 33.	Michael spent 7,500.	Michael spent 7,500 on a hair transplant.	Michael got hair transplant to boost his self - esteem.	Andrea is 72.	Andrea pays for a facelift.	Andrea husband can't tell the difference after her facelift.
General Motors unveiled General Motors concept car	General Motors unveiled at an event in Shanghai	Chevrolet - Fnr has Dragonfly Swing doors.	Chevrolet - Fnr has Crystal Laser headlights.	The car is self driving.	The car is electric.	The car's front chairs can swivel round.	And using iris recognition software you can start their concept car	And using iris recognition software you can start using just your eyes	you using just your eyes
Lynne Abraham is a candidate.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham says she suffered a drop in blood pressure.	The drop in blood pressure was momentary.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham says the drop in blood pressure has never happened before .	Candidate / Lynne Abraham is a former District Attorney.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham is a 74 - year - old.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham is running a campaign .	A doctor kept candidate / Lynne Abraham from returning to the debate.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham was kept from returning to the debate.	Candidate / Lynne Abraham says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .
Bundles of notes spilled onto Interstate 20.	The bundles of notes were spilled in Albilene Texas.	The bundles of notes were spilled on Friday.	Passenger door of vehicle was flung open.	The opening of door released the money onto the road.	Motorists pulled over	Motorists abandoned Motorists vehicles	Motorists abandoned to pick up Bundles of notes	Police warned anyone caught with Bundles of notes	Police warned will be arrested	anyone caught with Bundles of notes
Godfrey Elfwick recruited via Twitter	Godfrey Elfwick recruited to appear on World Have Your Say	World Have Your Say is the show	Godfrey Elfwick never seen the Star Wars franchise	Godfrey Elfwick never seen before	Godfrey Elfwick described the films as anti - women.	Godfrey Elfwick described the films as anti - gay.	Also said that Darth Vader was a black man and a ' really bad racial stereotype '	Darth Vader was a black man and a ' really bad racial stereotype '
Kathy Ferreiro's curves have attracted fans on social media.	Kathy Ferreiro loves Bikini.	Kathy Ferreiro says photos of her booty are all natural.	Kathy Ferreiro is born in Cuba.	Kathy Ferreiro is Miami based.	Kathy Ferreiro is a party girl.	Kathy Ferreiro hopes to become next Kim Kardashian.	Kathy Ferreiro has a huge following in Colombia	Kathy Ferreiro has a huge following in other Latin American countries.
the    social    network is Twitter	Thousands of accounts vanished from the social network	Thousands of accounts vanished last week	Twitter said it received numerous reports.	The reports were about terror promoting users.	Decided to suspend 10,000 accounts for making threats of violence .	Suspensions were linked to a campaign by Collective Anonymous / 'hacktavist'	Collective Anonymous are a 'hacktavist'	The campaign / Collective Anonymous / 'hacktavist' targeted online jihadis.
Locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist	raid could linked to heist	Locals also tell of suspicious ' drilling ' noises on evening of Good Friday	Group was seen returning to scene.	Group was seen on Saturday.	The day after initial break - in was Saturday.	Police admit Police did n't respond after alarm went off early on Good Friday	Police n't respond after alarm went off early on Good Friday	alarm went early on Good Friday
Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive	Shiraz Nawaz felt after the flames shot out the manhole	the flames shot out	the flames shot the manhole	the flames erupted just moments after Shiraz Nawaz walked over the manhole in the busy street	Shiraz Nawaz walked over the manhole in the busy street	No - one was hurt in the incident.	Nawaz evacuated the area.	No-one was hurt after Nawaz evacuated the area .	It is incredible that no - one was hurt.
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry is 35 - metre - long boat	Passengers is themselves	Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was in Andaman Sea	Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was on way from resort of Krabi	Ferry was travelling to Phuket.	Ferry was five miles from the coast.	Ferry's engine exploded.	Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry caught fire	Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry caught around 3.30pm before sinking around 6 pm	Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry sinking around 6 pm	Passengers throwing Passengers	Passengers throwing overboard	Passengers throwing before being rescued	search will continue into tomorrow	search will continue for missing girl
The worker was caught on camera	The worker was caught by a member of the public	Field owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and The worker was sacked .	The passer used mobile phone to snap photo.	The passer branded the act disgusting.	Tesco said Vegetables Undergo ' extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
Tim Stanley Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption	Muhammadu Buhar is an ex-dictator.	There is a reason for optimism.	Jonathan Administration failed to address corruption .	Jonathan Administration failed to address poverty.	Jonathan Administration failed to address rise of Boko Haram .	The misrule was by the Jonathan Administration.	Muhammadu Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule
Bulgaria's Black Sea has resorts	Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Italy	Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Spain	Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Turkey	Cheap prices in Bulgaria are driven by low exchange rates	Cheap prices in Bulgaria are driven by country's high inflation	Researchers found the cheapest destination	Researchers used imaginary shopping basket	Researchers used imaginary shopping basket to find cheapest destination	It's most popular resort is Sunny Beach	The Sunny Beach resort copies resorts in Spain and Greece
the beheading of a man in Hama in Syria is beheaded	WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .	Series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in Hama in Syria	Man is handcuffed.	Man is blindfolded.	Man is led from a van.	Man led to area of land .	a man is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver	The beheading is of a man.	The beheading is in Hama in Syria.	It is claimed that beheading ocurred because man is an alleged ' blasphemer ' .	It is alleged that man is ' blasphemer ' .
Denise and Glen Higgs thought Denise and Glen Higgs 'd never have children	Denise and Glen Higgs never have children	Denise and Glen Higgs tried IVF	The couple are from Braunton , Devon.	The couple had Mazy.	Mazy was born three years ago.	Tried again using the same batch and had twins Carter & Carson last week .
Speed camera discovered pointing at house in Handsworth , Birmingham	Fixed cameras were switched off across the West Midlands.	Fixed cameras were switched off across West Midlands in Spring of 2013.	a new trial using digital technology	Obsolete camera may now taken after engineers examine device	engineers examine device
Charles Terreni was 18.	Charles Terreni was found dead.	Charles Terreni was found at a frat house.	The frat house is in Columbia.	Charles Terreni was found on March 18.	Charles Terreni was a USC freshman.	Charles Terreni was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha House .	The blood alcohol was .375 .	Coroner identified cause of death	Coroner identified as alcohol poisoning	Toxicology tests showed the blood alcohol.	Neighbors said there was a large party	a beer keg was still	a beer keg was visible	a beer keg was outside
pledged is pledge	Air strikes were launched by Saudi forces	Air strikes were launched a month ago	Air strikes were launched against rebels	Saudi forces focused on beating back Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen	Saudi forces beating back	Saudi forces beating Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen	Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged Bentleys for pilots involved in bombings	pilots involved in bombings	Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal / He pleged on Wednesday.	Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal / He pledged after bombing raids resumed.	Bombing raids resumed despite official announcement that they would be halted.	The official announcement came last night.
Brawl at Spring Gardens station in Philadelphia was captured on CCTV	Fight involved students from nearby Benjamin Franklin High School	At one point an attacker fell.	An attacker fell onto the tracks.	The fallen attacker managed to get back up.	After the confrontation, the victims and attackers walked onto the same train .	Victims walked onto a train after confrontation.	Attackers walked onto a train after confrontation.
Paul and Laura Elliott is Pair	Paul and Laura Elliott met half way round	Paul and Laura Elliott met at St Katharine Docks	Ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests	Paul and Laura Elliott ran across finish line	Paul and Laura Elliott ran under a shower of confetti	Raised £ 7,000 for Cancer Research in honour of Paul 's father .
Nasr Bitar is his car	Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car driving around last autumn	Google Street View car driving around	Google Street View car driving last autumn	a selfie is Nasr 's selfie	it was ' Nasr Bitar time to shine ' with Google Street View car so followed in Nasr Bitar car	so followed in Nasr Bitar car	so followed to get a selfie	Nasr Bitar sensing the perfect moment in Mississauga.	Nasr Bitar got out and took the snap.	Picture of a selfie and the Street View image shared 2.9million times
Rory McIlroy bidding to win Rory McIlroy first Masters title this week at Augusta	Rory Mcilroy finished eighth in Georgia	Rory Mcilroy played last year	Rory Mcilroy played in Georgia	Rory McIlroy is The Northern Irishman	Rory McIlroy looking for third straight major victory	Rory McIlroy looking after winning The Open and USPGA Championship last year	Rory McIlroy winning The Open and USPGA Championship	Rory McIlroy winning last year	One Direction star Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy	One Direction star Niall Horan caddied in Wednesday 's Par-3 Contest
Danny Higginbotham has a new book .	Danny Higginbotham spent time under Roy Keane.	The book covers Danny Higginbotham's time under Roy Keane .	Danny Higginbotham played for Sunderland.	Danny Higginbotham played for Sunderland during the 2007 - 08 season	Roy Keane told his players ` basically you 're s *** '.	Roy Keane told his players ` basically you 're s *** ' before a game with Aston Villa.	Sunderland was Roy Keane's team.	Roy Keane told one player he was ` not f ****** Good Enough ' to play for the club .
A bed was dumped.	A bed was left in a hotel car park.	The bed was a four - poster bed.	The bed sold at auction for 2,200.	The bed sold at an auction.	Owner suspected it had historic value.	Experts have been investigating.	Historian now claims the bed belonged to Henry VII .	DNA from the timber proves who the bed belonged to, it is claimed.	The bed is ornate.	The bed is now on display.	The bed was made for Henry VII / King.	The bed was also made for Henry VII's wife / King's wife / Elizabeth of York .	Elizabeth of York was wife of Henry VII / King.
An attorney says Robert Bates made an assumption.	An attorney says Robert Bates assumed the gun is a taser because Bates saw a laser sight on the gun .	An attorney says Robert Bates thought the gun was a Taser.	Harris family lawyers say there are differences between the gun and Taser.	An officer in California made a statement in 2009.	An officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun.	An officer in California also said he used his gun instead of a taser.
Bieber is singer	Singer arrived at artists ' entrance	Singer arrived to gain entry to Drake 's gig	Security told Bieber area was at full capacity	Bieber area was at full capacity	Security denied admission	a Coachella staffer tried to get Bieber into Drake 's gig	But festival security then put Bieber	But festival security then put in chokehold	But festival security then removed Bieber	But festival security then removed from the area
Sir Philip Carter died at his home.	Sir Philip Carter died on Thursday morning.	Sir Philip Carter died after a short illness.	Sir Philip Carter served Everton	Sir Philip Carter served during three spells after first joining Everton in 1977	Sir Philip Carter first joining Everton	Sir Philip Carter first joining in 1977	Everton chairman Bill Kenwright pays tribute	Everton chairman Bill Kenwright pays to a ' great man and leader
Ace is a Border Collie.	Holly is a Border Collie.	The Border Collies (or Ace and Holly) were caught on camera.	The Border Collies performed a gravity defying feat.	The Border Collies were pooches.	The Border Collies / pooches stood on their hind legs.	The Border Collies stood on their owner/their trainer/Dai Aoki.	Dai Aoki is the trainer of the Border Collies/pooches.	Dai Aoki is the owner of the Border Collies/pooches.	The Border Collies have appeared in a number of videos.	The videos show the Border Collies showing off their tricks.
Dayna Dobias is 19 years old.	Dayna Dobias has created a video.	In Dayna Dobias's video, she dances.	Dayna Dobias has a disability.	Dayna Dobias's disability makes it difficult for her to walk.	Dayna Dobias loves TV.	Dayna Dobias loves film.	Dayna Dobias loves fashion.	Dayna Dobias is not happy with how people with disabilities are represented.	Dayna Dobias has created several videos.	Dayna Dobias's videos aim at changing stereotypes.	Dayna Dobias has created several videos during the past year.
Manchester United take Manchester City	Manchester United take on Sunday	Match will begin at 4 pm local time	Match will begin at Manchester United Old Trafford home	Police have no objections to the kick-off being late in the afternoon.	34 fans were arrested at Wembley.	The fans were arrested in 2011.	The fans were arrested in FA Cup semi-final.	The fans were arrested in the last late afternoon weekend kick-off.	The fans were arrested in the last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the Manchester Derby.
Kamal criticised decision.	Decision was to award no - ball against Rohit Sharma.	Decision was controversial.	Decision was Umpires' decision.	Decision was in World Cup match.	India and Bangladesh played World Cup match.	The Bangladeshi president alleged India 's had used India 's influence in the ICC	India 's used India 's influence in the ICC	Governing body asked The Bangladeshi president	Governing body asked to withdraw criticised or apologise	But Kamal confirmed Kamal intention to step down
Floy Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off.	The face off will happen in Las Vegas.	The face off will happen on May 2.	Joe Calzaghe believes Floyd Mayweather unbeaten record is a burden	Floyd Mayweather unbeaten record is a burden	Despite believes Joe Calzaghe thinks Floyd Mayweather will beat Manny Pacquiao	Floyd Mayweather will beat Manny Pacquiao	Ricky Hatton gives prediciton to Jeff Powell.	Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale
Winchester Council is in Hampshire	Winchester Council claimed annual clean - up	Winchester Council was hit by new rules.	Health and Safety Executive denied tightening rules.	Health and Safety Executive said that counciles were over-interpreting legislation.	Sir Andrew Motion is a poet laureate.	Sir Andrew Motion accused Town Hall bosses.	Sir Andrew Motion accused Highways Agency.	The accusation was of ruining the countryside.	The accusation was of failing to remove rubbish.
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham is The award - winning chef	Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef	Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won last Friday	Simon Wood got cooking skills.	Simon Wood fed his culinary creations to his kids.	Simon Wood was a father of four.	Simon Wood talked about his favourite meals.	One of Simon Wood's favourite meals was a plain omelette.
Gerhard Tremmel plays for Swansea	Gerhard Tremmel was in goal	Gerhard Tremmel played for free agents' 4 -4-2	Glen Johnson was at the back	Kolo Toure was at the back	Ron Vlaar was at the back	Luke Garbutt was at the back	James Milner was in midfield	Mikel Arteta was in the midfield	Tom Cleverly was in the midfield	Jonas Gutierrez was in the midfield	Burnley 's Danny Ings and Manchester United 's James Wilson up front .
Matt Pliska has Down syndrome.	Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska made plans.	The plan was to go to junior prom together.	The plans were made last year.	Matt Pliska is a High School student.	Mikenzy Snell is a High School student.	The High School is a Michigan High School.	There was a prom picture.	The pair / Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska had a prom picture.	The pair / Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska held up a sign in the prom picture.	The sign read : ` Real Friends don't count chromosomes '.	The sign references a fact about Down syndrome / chromosomes.	People with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21.
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention.	Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit.	Michael Scott Shemansky was supposed to visit his son.	Michael Scott Shemansky was supposed to visit his son on Saturday.	Saturday was found dead	Saturday was found at the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida	the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida	Sandra Shemansky / mother / wife of Michael Shemansky was 57 years old.	Michael Shemansky was going through a difficult divorce.	Neighbors believe the stress of the divorce may have caused Michael to snap.
Bayern Munich beat Porto.	Bayern Munich won  6 - 1.	Bayern Munich won in Champions League.	Bayern Munich won on Tuesday.	Bayern Munich is managed by Pep Guardiola.	Bayern Munich progressed in the competition.	Bayern Munich reached semi-finals.	Bayern Munich progressed 7 - 4 on aggregate.	Thomas Muller scored 27th the Champions League goal	Thomas Muller scored to pass Mario Gomez	Thomas Muller is now	Thomas Muller is the leading German scorer in the Champions League	After game Thomas Muller led the celebrations	After game Thomas Muller led with supporters using a megaphone	supporters using a megaphone
Domenico Rancadore given a sentence.	Domenico Rancadore sentenced by Italian court.	Domenico Rancadore sentenced in 1999.	Domenico Rancadore was a 65 year old.	Domenico Rancadore sentenced for 7 years.	Domenico Rancadore was convicted for role as Man of Honour.	Domenico Rancadore took bribes from builders.	Domenico Rancadore was a Sicilian Mafia fugitive.	In February Domenico Rancadore lost battle against extradition to Italy	Today it emerged that Domenico Rancadore case expired in October last year	Domenico Rancadore case expired in October last year
Baron the German Shepard is the dog 's	filmed is the clip of Baron dishwashing	Baron the German Shepard was filmed as Baron the German Shepard helped get the dishes done at home in California	Baron the German Shepard helped get the dishes done at home in California	Baron the German Shepard get the dishes done at home in California	the dishes done at home in California	Baron the German Shepard professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school	To date filmed been watched over 27,000 times	Many viewers deemed Baron the German Shepard cleaning antics ' cute ' and adorable '
Jihadis face fines fines for wearing Nike products.	Jihadis face whipping for wearing Nike products.	Jihadis face jail time for wearing Nike products.	Jihadis have banned Nike products.	Ban is also	Ban is partly due to Nike sharing Nike name with a Greek Goddess	Nike sharing Nike name	Nike sharing with a Greek Goddess	Commanders say its name also sounds like sexual slang words in Arabic	its name also sounds like sexual slang words in Arabic	People under ISIS are already banned from wearing jeans.	ISIS also banned items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words.
Lorraine Bracco is The actress	Lorraine Bracco was asked by The Sopranos creator	Lorraine Bracco was asked to be Carmela	Lorraine Bracco / the actress turned the sopranos creator/him down.	Lorraine Bracco / the actress played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas / Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas.	Lorraine Bracco turned the offer down because she played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.	Goodfellas was released in 1990.	Lorraine Bracco play the role of Dr. Jennifer Melfi
Kevin Carr set off on his journey from Haytor.	Kevin Carr set off on his journey from Dartmoor.	Kevin Carr set off on his journey in July 2013.	Kevin Carr is less than 24 hours away from completing his trip.	Kevin Carr ran around the world unsupported.	Kevin Carr ran with his tent.	Kevin Carr is set to break the previous record held by an Australian by 24 hours	the previous record held by an Australian
David Axelrod masterminded two Obama presidential election victories	David Axelrod was hired by Labour leader Ed Miliband	David Axelrod was hired amid great fanfare	David Axelrod was hired last year	David Axelrod is not resident for tax purposes in UK	Labour confirms Labour pays David Axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm	Labour pays David Axelrod	Labour pays in dollars	Labour pays through consultancy firm
HBO is the US network behind Game of Thrones and the Sopranos	Service is available	Service is on Apple TV and iOS	Service is exclusively for three months	Apple has also cut the price of Apple TV.	The Apple TV price was 99.	The Apple TV price now is 65 to 69.
Huma Abedin came under fire	Huma Abedin came for not tipping at Chipotle in Iowa	Huma Abedin not tipping at Chipotle in Iowa	Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign	most trusted aide	Huma Abedin's husband is Anthony Weiner.	The lunch was Mexican.	The lunch was on Saturday.	Huma Abedin went for lunch.	Husband / Anthony Weiner went for lunch.	The weekend was one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing.
Gary was a British name.	Gary was the 147th most popular British name in 1996.	Gary was the 1001st most popular British name in 2013.	Gary reached height of its popularity in 1964.	Gary was the 16th most popular British name in 1964 (or at the height of its popularity).	Dexter is one of the top 100 most popular British names.	Jenson is now one of the top 100 most popular British names.
Leanne Mitchell been dropped by Leanne Mitchell label	Leanne Mitchell sings at a holiday camp	Andrea Begley and Jermain Jackman are to become household names	Stevie won in 2015	Will Stevie become a chart success?	Will Stevie become another voice flop?
Alexandra Harra is Romanian born	Alexandra Harra is 28	Alexandra Harra has become an Instagram star.	Alexandra Harra is a model.	Alexandra Harra posts selfies on Instagram.	Alexandra Harra dyed his locks black.	Alexandra Harra posed for playboy.	Alexandra Harra selfie's have inspirational messages.	Alexandra Harra is being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian.
rivals is hosts Dundee	Nadir Ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper Scott Bain	Nadir Ciftci blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper Scott Bain	Ciftci was left blushing.	Rivals earned an impressive victory .	The win gave hosts / Dundee their first Derby win in more than a decade .	The win was a Dundee win.	The goals secured a win.	Greg Stewart scored goal/goals.	Jake mcpake scored goal/goals.	Paul Heffernen scored goal/goals.
Fashion Week was in Australia.	Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week was in Australia.	Fashion week was in 2015.	Fashion week ended on Thursday night.	Fashion week ended in Sydney.	Maticevski was a stand-out show.	Romance was born was a stand-out show.	Tome was a stand-out show.	Steven Khalil was a stand-out show.	Johanna Johnson was a stand-out show.	Sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends
Lindsay Sandiford is The 58 - year - old	Lindsay Sandiford fears Lindsay Sandiford will be next to face the firing squad	Lindsay Sandiford will be next to face the firing squad	Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran killed after a final KFC bucket meal	Lindsay Sandiford been on death row	Lindsay Sandiford been in Bali	Lindsay Sandiford been since 2012	Lindsay Sandiford was convicted of attempting to smuggle £ 1.6million of cocaine in 2012	Lindsay Sandiford attempting to smuggle £ 1.6million of cocaine	Lindsay Sandiford attempting in 2012
Abby Bishop took in her niece	Abby Bishop took in her niece in August 2013	Niece is named Zala	Niece / Zala is now 20 months old	Niece / Zala follows Bishop as she travels the world	Abby Bishop travels the world	Abby Bishop travels for professional basketball teams	Abby Bishop said took was a big decision but Abby Bishop would	Abby Bishop said took was a big decision	Abby Bishop would n't change anything	Niece / Zala was two days old when Abby Bishop took her in	Niece / Zala will go with Abby Bishop when she starts playing in the U.S. WNBA	Abby Bishop will play for the U.S. WNBA in May
One Pro Cycling preparing to take on Team Sky	One Pro Cycling preparing to take on Sir Bradley Wiggins.	Tour de Yorkshire runs over three stages	Tour de Yorkshire runs starting in Bridlington on May 1	Prior 's team and Yorkshire race inspired by Tour de France Grand Depart
Woman reported someone had been run over	Actual victim in the incident reported by the woman was a squirrel	East of England Ambulance Service warned about hoax calls	The Ambulance Service warned that hoax calls can cost lives	A man dialled 999.	The man reported that he dropped a burger	The man reported that the dropped burger was bleeding
Ben Flower was banned for 6 months.	Ben Flower returned from ban.	Ben Flower returned on Thursday night.	Ben Flower plays for Wales.	Ben Flower had punched Lance Hohaia.	Lance Hohaia plays for St Helens	Ben Flower had punched in last season's grand final.	Ben Flower had punched in the opening moments of a match.	Ben Flower is a forward.	Ben Flower is a 27 year old.	Ben Flower received a brilliant reception.	Wigan played against Warrington.	Wigan won 30 - 20.
A hotel is designed by Jacques Garcia.	The hotel is opulent.	The hotel is edgy.	The hotel is inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era.	The hotel is named Pigalle Haunt.	The conservatory is charming.	The hotel has Arabian decor.	The hotel has Napoleon III decor.	The hotel reminds of the cit's pleasure houses.	The hotel has a conservatory.	The hotel has a library bar.	The hotel has a celestial spa.	The conservatory is available for guest use.	The library bar is available for guest use.	The celestial spa is available for guest use.	The celestial spa is available for private rental.
Steven Finn is The Middlesex quick bowler	Steven Finn was left of the England squad for the West Indies tour	Steven Finn regained form	Steven Finn regained after a tough 12 months	Steven Finn said he's back to bowling	Steven Finn said he's bowling like he was a carefree 21 year old	Steven Finn has 23 test caps for England	Steven Finn played for England last in 2013
Paul Armstrong is 26 - year - old	Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus	Paul Armstrong flew to celebrate new job as IT project manager	Paul Armstrong was stopped at the Airport.	Paul Armstrong had a stun gun.	Paul Armstrong had a baton.	Paul Armstrong had a Knuckle Duster.	Paul Armstrong had many objects in his bag.	Paul Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm.	Paul Armstrong was 26 years old.	Paul Armstrong was sentenced.	Paul Armstrong was sentenced to eight months in jail.	Paul Armstrong was suspended for two years.
Australian fashion designer Alex Perry is the designer 's	Australian fashion designer Alex Perry wo n't show at this year 's MBFWA	Alex Perry is an Australian.	Alex Perry is a fashion designer.	The designer/Alex Perry is excited to enjoy the shows from front row.	The designer/Alex Perry is going to watch the shows from front row.	This year's MBFWA will be the designer's / Alex Perry's second MBFWA he has missed in two decades.	This year's MBFWA will be the designer's / Alex Perry's second MBFWA he has missed.	Australian fashion designer Alex Perry now focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East
The performance ended in tragedy.	The performance was on Wednesday.	A riser buckled at the performance.	The riser buckled as many danced on-stage.	The school is Westfield High.	There was a performance at an Indiana public school.	The performance was of American Pie.	More than a dozen people were injured.	One student was taken to a hospital in critical condition.	Students said there had been no issues previously.	Students said they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
Manchester City is the Manchester club	Manchester City been linked with summer move for Raheem Sterling	Raheem Sterling has two years left on his contract.	Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new deal.	Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be step up for Raheem Sterling	a move to Manchester City would not be step up for Raheem Sterling	will take Manchester City	will take 20 years	will take to eclipse Liverpool
Chinese eateries could be using illegal meat.	Up to one in five Chinese eateries could be using illegal meat .	Chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .	Meat can be brought due to a loophole.	Charity says soup using illegal meat is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested	soup using illegal meat	soup using illegal meat often disguised on menu	soup using illegal meat only offered if requested	People can bring meat into UK.	20 kg of meat can be brought into UK.	Meat can be brought for personal consumption.
There are two types of cereal in an Easter egg.	An Easter egg is with marshmallows.	An Easter egg is with Brownies.	An Easter egg is served.	Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter . '	'Easter is less about what is used to mean , ' owner/Olly Taylor said .	Olly Taylor is cafe owner.
Google is Brussels	The European Union will accuse Google	The European Union will accuse of illegally abusing The European Union supremacy	Google illegally abusing The European Union supremacy	The European Union could fine Google	The European Union could fine more than £ 4 billion - 10 per cent of Google annual revenue	Google uses search engine	Google uses to divert traffic to Google own services	Google boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market
Phil Smith is 25.	Phil Smith forgot his keys.	Phil Smith scaled a fence.	Phil Smith scaled the fence to try to get in his flat.	Phil Smith is a teaching assistant.	Parents refer to Phil Smith as ' Lovely Son '.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant worked at Special Needs School.	But teaching assistant hit teaching assistant head	But teaching assistant hit while climbing through window	teaching assistant climbing through window	Phil Smith/teaching assistant  fractured his skull.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant suffered a bleed on the brain.	Phil Smith/teaching assistant suffered a blood clot.	Parents paid tribute	Parents paid to teaching assistant
Emmanuel    Adebayor 's is The striker	Emmanuel    Adebayor 's is Togolese forward	Emmanuel Adebayor 's current Tottenham contract runs in 2016	Emmanuel Adebayor is a striker.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker wants more than his current salary.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker wants more than his current salary before accepting a move out of White Hart Lane.	Emmanuel Adebayor / the striker is from Togolese.	Emmanuel Adebayor 's made just nine league starts	Emmanuel Adebayor 's made this season	Emmanuel Adebayor 's made just nine league starts this season
John Helm was commentating on the game	John Helm was commentating the day the fire broke out	John Helm gives John Helm	John Helm gives insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago	what cause the blaze	what cause 30 years ago	John Helm said there wasn't a lot of evidence to suggest the fire was caused deliberately.
Rory McIlroy faced with Fifty Shades of Grey 's Jamie Dornan	Jamie Dornan was in fifty shades of Grey.	mcilroy and Dornan took part in the Circular Soccer Showdown.	It was the first circular soccer showdown of 2015.	Rory McIlroy finished strongly	Rory McIlroy finished to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters	wo n't be too long	wo n't be before Rory McIlroy wins a Masters	Rory McIlroy wins a Masters
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show.	Chris Christie called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor.	Chris Christie called out Jimmy Fallon.	Jimmy Fallon brought out ice cream.	The ice cream was for the two to share.	Chris Christie hoarded the ice cream.	The ice cream was a pint of ice cream.	The ice cream was brought out later in the program.	Chris Christie was asked if he would run for president.	Chris Christie said ; ' I ’ve got a day job which keeps me busy ' .	Chris Christie said ; ' I ’ve got a day job which keeps me busy '  when asked if he would run for president.
Qantas ' is The airline	Heathrow is the popular airport	Qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th	Qantas ' on time rating slipped out of the 80 airlines using Heathrow	the 80 airlines using Heathrow	Qantas ' could loose Qantas ' eight landing strips at Heathrow	Quantas airline is facing a fine.	The fine that Quantas airline is facing is over 38,000 for every late flight.	The fine that Quantas airline is facing is applied to every late flight.	Qantas blamed air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai airports
Christopher Starrs is his colleague	Christopher Starrs is wheelchair - bound Starrs	Christopher Starrs was spared jail	Christopher Starrs was spared in an ' act of mercy ' by judge	Christopher Starrs was spared in January	But senior judge now said Christopher Starrs took ' Christopher Starrs eye off the ball '	Christopher Starrs took Christopher Starrs eye	Christopher Starrs took off the ball	Nicholas Cooke QC said Christopher Starrs should have been jailed	But added Christopher Starrs should thank Christopher Starrs lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand	Christopher Starrs should thank Christopher Starrs lucky stars	Christopher Starrs should thank as sentence allowed to stand
Real Madrid played Granada.	Real Madrid played at the Weekend.	Granada played at the weekend.	Real Madrid beat Granada.	Real Madrid beat Granada 9 - 1.	Cristiano Ronaldo scored five	Cristiano Ronaldo scored to take Cristiano Ronaldo league tally to 36 for the season	Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in a Madrid derby on Wednesday night .	Juventus won 3 - 0	Juventus won at Fiorentina	Juventus won to reach the Coppa Italia final on Tuesday
Kevin Pietersen is Batsman	Kevin Pietersen was sacked by England	Kevin Pietersen was sacked 14 months ago after Ashes defeat	Kevin Pietersen scored 170	Kevin Pietersen scored on Kevin Pietersen county cricket return for Surrey	Kevin Pietersen scored last week	Kevin Pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the England side this year	But Andrew Flintoff thinks time is running out for Kevin Pietersen to resurrect career	time is running for Kevin Pietersen to resurrect career
Carl Froch n't fight in 2015	If Carl Froch does n't fight in 2015 I m not sure Carl Froch 'll be back at all	Carl Froch 'll be back	Carl Froch 'll be at all	A blockbuster with James degale is most likely	A blockbuster with James degale is most likely after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr defeat	Anthony Dirrell has made contact .	Scott Quigg - Carl Froch summer fight is dead in the water
mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy is The perfect hoop shape	mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy is Eerie video	Clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy	mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy	The cloud was in the shape of a hoop.	The cloud did not move for more than 15 minutes.	The clip has been viewed many times.	The views on the clip are in the tens of thousands.	The clip has been viewed on YouTube.	The cloud was hanging over Shortandy.	The viewers suggest that the cloud was an alien spacecraft.	Experts think the cloud could have been caused by nearby factories.
Members of Barrio 18 gang were handcuffed	Members of Barrio 18 gang were marched onto buses	Images show the members	The arch rival of the members of Barrio 18 gang is Mara Salvatrucha	Members of Barrio 18 gang were transferred to a different jail	Total 1177 members were transferred	In the different jail, the members will mix with Mara Salvatrucha/their arch rival	The gang members will not be classified by gang affiliation	The gang members will now be classified by how dangerous they are