Wesley Sneijder is a midfielder.	Wesley Sneijder comes from Netherlands.	Wesley Sneijder has joined Nice.	Wesley Sneijder joined as a free transfer.	Nice is from French Ligue 1 side.
An official "pressured" the FBI.	The official is from the State Department.	The official wanted to change the classification of an email.	The email is Hillary Clinton's.	An official and the FBI are in a "quid pro quo".	This information is from FBI documents.
Jason Dufner is an American.	Jason Dufner will take a five-shot lead.	Jason Dufner will enter the third round.	Jason Dufner plays in the Memorial Tournament.	Jason Dufner scored an eagle.	Jason Dufner scored on the 18th hole.	Jason Dufner scored on Friday.
The man is British.	A man has been been questioned in Peru.	A man posed naked.	A man was naked at the Machu Picchu ruins.	This information is told by local police.
David Swift is from Great Britain.	David Swift is a skeleton racer.	David Swift has retired from the sport.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest times.	Michael Dunlop set the record for the Ulster Grand Prix Superbike and Superstock classes.	Michael Dunlop was in delayed practice sessions.	Michael Dunlop set the record on Thursday.	Michael Dunlop was at Dundrod.
Newell's Old Boys is an Argentine club.	Old Boys have re-signed Ignacio Scocco.	Ignacio Scocco is a striker.	Ignacio Scocco was in Sunderland.	Ignacio Scocco got a five-year contract.
West Ham are "disappointed" with a ruling.	The ruling is that their rental terms should be made public.	West Ham will rent the Olympic Stadium from next season.
Abdul Fattah al-Sisi is an ex-army chief.	Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to to tackle "terrorism".	Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to bring security.	Abdul Fattah al-Sisi was sworn in as Egypt's new president.
Sir Anthony McCoy is a jump jockey.	Sir Anthony McCoy is a twenty-time champion.	A statue is put up in Sir Anthony McCoy's honour.	The statue is at Cheltenham.	Sir Anthony McCoy has described it as 'flattering.'
A cafe owner has defended a sign.	The sign urges people to eat cake.	The sign claims eating cake avoids being kidnapped in a town.	The town is where April Jones’s misfortune happened.	April Jones was abducted.	April Jones was murdered.	April Jones’s misfortune happened in 2012.
Two explosions happened.	Three people have been killed.	At least 62 other people wounded.	The explosions happened on passenger buses.	The explosions happened in Nairobi.	Nairobi is the capital of Kenyan.	This information is told by officials.
Thirty homes had to be evacuated.	A gas pipe was damaged in a fire.	The file was started deliberately.
Friends of Keith Harris have joined his family.	Friends of Keitth attended his funeral.	Keith Harris's funeral happened in Blackpool.
Bob Marshall-Andrews has defected to the Lib Dems.	Bob Marshall-Andrews is a former Labour MP.	Bob Marshall-Andrews described Jeremy Corbyn's party as a "political basket case".
Castleford Tigers beat Wakefield Trinity.	Wakefield Trinity are local rivals.	Castleford Tigers clinched the League Leaders' Shield.
At least 23 people have been killed.	The incident happened in Monguno.	Monguno is a north-eastern Nigerian town.	A Boko Haram bomb exploded.	The Boko Haram bomb was confiscated by vigilantes.	An MP and army source have told this information to BBC.
The sports centre is at Ravenscraig.	The sports centre is a homage.	The sports centre is a "symphony in steel".	This information is told by the architects.
Spencer Matthews is a winner.	Spencer Matthews won The Jump.	Spencer Matthews won The Jump 2017.
Gianni Infantino is a Fifa presidential candidate.	Gianni Infantino would press for the World Cup to be held in a whole region.	Gianni Infantino would not like the World Cup to be held only in one or two countries.
John Swinney is a Finance Secretary.	John Swinney has warned of "tough choices".	John Swinney faces tough choices regarding Scotland.	John Swinney prepares to set out his budget.
The judge is leading an inquiry.	The inquiry is for the Grenfell Tower fire.	The judge has written to the prime minister.	The judge gives recommendations.	The recommendations are for its terms of reference.
Police mistakenly told a couple some bad news.	The "bad" new is that their son had been killed in a car crash.	This incident happened in a small Alaska town.	The couple and their son had an extraordinary reunion hours later.
The information is shown by the court papers.	Prosecutors have sought permission.	Prosecutors want to appeal against a sentence.	The sentence is considered as "shockingly light".	The sentence is for Oscar Pistorius.	Oscar Pistorius is an athlete.	The prosecutors are from South Africa.
UK opened its first special kind of maternity clinic.	The clinic is for a special group of women.	The women are who have been victims of rape and sexual assault.
The number of a group of children has increased significantly in recent years.	These children are referred to the NHS.	These children have gender identity issues.	Relevant figures are obtained by the BBC.
The mayor has been accused.	It happened at a special court hearing.	The mayor is of an east London borough.	The mayor has been accused of "corrupt and illegal practices".
A man has appeared in court.	The court is in County Clare.	The man is 21 years old.	The man is charged over a fatal stabbing.	The man stabbed Karl Haugh.	The man commited a crime in Kilkee.	The man commited a crime at the weekend.
The workers' union provides this information.	The workers work at the Post Office.	The workers will stage strikes.	The strikes will last for five days.	The strikes will start from Monday.	There is a continuing dispute over jobs	There is a continuing dispute over pensions.	There is a continuing dispute over branch closures.
The workers will be regulated.	The workers are youth.	The works are from Wales.	The regulation will be conducted by the Education Workforce Council.	The workers will be regulated for the first time.	The regulation will start from 1 April.
Tim Farron does not believe gay sex is a sin.	Tim Farron is a Liberal Democrat leader.	There are questions about Tim Farron's views on gay sex.
Paint has been thrown over an Orange hall.	The Orange hall is in north Belfast.
Jurgen Klopp is the boss of Liverpool.	Jurgen Klopp defended Simon Mignolet.	Simon Mignolet is under-fire.	Simon Mignolet is a goalkeeper.	Simon Mignolet had uncertain display in the lastest match.	In the match, Liverpool had a draw with Arsenal.	The match happened at Anfield.
Thousands of people have been leaving eastern districts of Aleppo.	Aleppo is a Syrian city.	The eastern districts are besieged.	The eastern districts are rebel-held.	People have been leaving after the resumption of evacuations was agreed.	The resumption of evacuations was agreed as part of a ceasefire deal.	The resumption of evacuations was agreed last week.
Thousands of people have marched.	People are against some plans.	The plans are to downgrade some services.	The services are Stafford Hospital's.
You embark on a health kick.	You are filled with goodwill.	You have unfathomable optimism.	You have a slightly heavy heart.
Russia may have had to pay bribes to secure their World Cups.	Qatar may have had to pay bribes to secure their World Cups.	This was suggested by Sepp Blatter's former special advisor.
The High Court has begun hearing a legal challenge of a man.	The man is from UK.	The man is terminally ill.	The man wants the right to die.
An online appeal has raised more than £12,000.	The appeal is set up to help a family.	The family had a girl.	The girl is five years old.	The girl was dead.	The girl's head was stuck in a lift.	The tragedy was happend in Dorset.
"The Mountain" did not get a title.	The title is Europe's Strongest Man.	"The Mountain" is a Game of Thrones star.	"The Mountain" has been beaten by a man.	The man who won the title is from Swindon.
Andy Burnham is a Labour leadership contender.	Andy Burnham has told supporters he has a chance to win the contest.	Andy Burnham described his chance as "outside but realistic".
Belfast Giants have closed the gap.	The gap is on Cardiff Devils.	Cardiff Devils are Elite League leaders.	The gap has been closed to six points.	Belfast Giants had a comfortable win.	Belfast Giants won over the Capitals.	Belfast Giants won at the SSE Arena.
Hayley Turner is a jockey.	Hayley Turner is Britain's most successful female jockey.	Hayley Turner believes her career has helped inspire other women.	The inspiration helps other women to progress in the sport.
A woman has died.	The woman is elderly.	A woman has died in a house fire.	A woman has died in Enniskillen.
Fulham have signed Gohi Cyriac.	Gohi Cyriac is a striker.	Gohi Cyriac will be on loan to Fulham.	The contract will last till the end of the season.	Gohi Cyriac is from KV Oostende.	KV Oostende is a team of Belgian Pro League.	Fulham is a Championship side team.
Wales started their qualifying campaign.	The qualifying campaign is for the 2018 World Cup.	Wales were confident.	Wales convincingly beat Moldova.
The director general has accused the authorities.	The director general is from BBC.	The authorities are from Iran.	The authorities intimidated some people.	The intimidated people are working for Persian service.
A mother should be sterilised.	The mother is six years old.	The mother has IQ of 70.	The sterilization is for the mother's safety.	The Court of Protection has ruled this sterilization.
Fosun has joined a bidding war.	The bidding war is for Espirito Santo Saude (ESS).	Espirito Santo Saude (ESS) is a hospital operator.	Espirito Santo Saude (ESS) is Portuguese.	Fosun is a privately-held conglomerate.	Fosun is the biggest.	Fosun is from China.
Bosses have been urged not to indulge in invasive surveillance.	The invasive surveillance involves reading employees' private messages.
Morrisons is a Supermarket chain.	Morrisons has increased a cost.	The cost is for a jar of Marmite.	The cost has been raised by 12.5%.	Retail industry experts say this.
More should be done to help deaf people.	More should be done to help deaf people into work.	The background is in Wales.	A charity has said this.
There are five teenagers.	The teenagers have been sentenced.	The teenagers admitted their part in a "riot".	The teenagers had made part of city centre "under siege".	The city centre is of Newport.
You would say fetch to your dog.	You would say sit to your dog.	You would say roll over to your dog.	Fetch, sit and roll over are all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog.
A grand jury has decided not to indict anyone in a case.	The case involves Sandra Bland.	Sandra Bland died in a jail.	The jail is at Texas.	Sandra Bland died earlier this year.
A man was limp.	A man was "like a teddy bear".	The man was restrained by bouncers.	The man was restrained on the ground.	The man was restrained outside a bar.	The bar is Aberdeen.	A murder trial has heard.
A busker has been convicted.	A busker has been convicted of duping people.	The busker played bagpipe.	The crime happened in Liverpool.	The busker made people think he was collecting for a charity.	The charity is a a Hillsborough charity.
Herve Renard is a new coach.	Herve Renard is from Morocco.	Herve Renard begins his quest.	Herve Renard quest for the third Africa Cup of Nations.	Herve Renard hope this Africa Cup will be record-equalling.	Qualifying resumes this week.	The qualifying is for the 2017 tournament.
Ray BLK has topped a list.	The list is the BBC's Sound Of 2017.	Ray BLK is a soul singer.	The list aims to predict the most exciting new music.	The list aims to predict for the year ahead.
There are hundreds of protesters.	The protesters are in Kabul.	The protesters have accused Iran.	Iran stopped fuel tankers.	Iran stopped tankers from crossing the border.	Iran stopped tankers from heading into Afghanistan.
Some police forces are putting the public at risk.	Some police forces are rationing their response.	Some police forces struggle with cutbacks.	The police standards watchdog has warned this.
Jake Ball is a Pace bowler.	Jake Ball has made a "lively" return following winter.	In that winter, Jake Ball played for England Lions.	Chris Read says this.	Chris Read is Nottinghamshire's captain.
A robber was caught.	The robber is a serial robber.	The robber threatened a shop worker.	The robber threatened someone with a kinfe.	The shop worker is 18 years old.	The robber's hair has a streak of grey.	The robber's hair was recognised in CCTV footage.
A man has survived a fall.	The man is British.	The fall was from the 15th floor of a building.	The incident happened in New Zealand.	Local media reported this news.
The Royal Navy has released an image.	The image is of planned improvements to a jetty.	The jetty is at Portsmouth Naval Base.
China has said Japan is endangering peace.	Japan is endangering peace in the region.	Japan passed controversial laws.	Japan is expanding the role of its military abroad.
Celtic restored their lead.	Celtic leads 10 points.	Celtic leads at the top of the table.	Celtic overcomed Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Sean O'Loughlin is the captain of England national team.	Sean O'Loughlin would have preferred an Englishman in charge of the national team.	Sean O'Loughlin is looking forward to working with Wayne Bennett.	Wayne Bennett is an Australian.
Stevenage were held to a 0-0 draw.	Stevenage is promotion-chasing.	Stevenage played against Cambridge.	Stevenage were in League Two.
We are looking at pictures.	The pictures are shocking.	The pictures are of a plane crash.
David Cameron is the Prime Minister.	David Cameron will later attempt to halt the civil war.	The civil war is in David Cameron's party.	The civil war was caused by a resignation.	Iain Duncan Smith resigned from the cabinet.
The percentage is statistically unchanged from 2010's.	The percentage is of Americans living in poverty.	2010 had record high percentage of poverty.	Household income fell.	This news is based on a US Census report.
Police provide information for this news.	A woman has died in hospital.	The woman is 34 years old.	The woman was injured in an attack.	The attack was by a knifeman.	The attack happened on a Swiss train.
Boeing has shown off its "space bins".	These bins can hold 50% more luggage.	These bins can hold more luggage than existing designs.
Australia is a step closer to an export.	Australia wants to export live cattle.	Australia wants to export to China.	This export opens a new market.	This export opens a market for Australia's farmers.
Anthony Joshua has a world title bout.	Anthony Joshua has a bout with Wladimir Klitschko.	Lennox Lewis says the bout comes at the "perfect time".	Lennox Lewis is former undisputed heavyweight champion.
Some people are being offered badges.	These people are with hidden health conditions.	The badges say "Please offer me a seat".	The badges are in a bid to help ease their suffering.	The badges are in a bid to help these people on London transport.
Leicester Tigers have signed Ellis Genge.	Ellis Genge is a loose-head prop.	Ellis Genge is from England.	Ellis Genge was in Bristol.	Bristol was newly promoted.
Keith Farmer followed up his double.	Keith Farmer won at Knockhill.	Keith Farmer won the Supersport sprint race.	Keith Farmer won at Snetterton.	Keith Farmer won on Saturday.
Conor Washington counts himself a lucky man.	Conor Washington is from Northern Ireland.	Conor Washington is a striker.	Conor Washington prepares to head to Euro 2016.
The Reality Check team answers questions.	There are questions about the implications of the UK's vote.	The UK vote to leave the European Union.
Martyn Phillips would relish the chance to host a bout.	The bout is for Anthony Joshua.	The Anthony Joshua bout will be hosted at Cardiff venue.	Cardiff venue has a 74,500 capacity.	Martyn Phillips is the chief executive of Principality Stadium.
Google's net income rose 17%.	Google's net income rose to $3.93bn.	Google's net income rose in the three months to June.	Google's net income rose from the quarter last year.	Google's net income was boosted by an 11% rise in revenues.	Google's net income was boosted by the $17.7bn revenues.
Pregnant women should visit risky countries only if their trip is essential.	These risky countries are with a risk of malaria.	Experts are warning this.
Changes are happening in Africa's schools.	Textbooks are gradually being replaced.	Textbooks are considered old-fashioned and dusty.	Textbooks are replaced by tablets.	Textbooks are replaced by computers.	Textbooks are replaced by mobile phones.
Many Scots have run out of money before pay day.	The number of Scots that have this situation is more than half of the population.	This news is based on a new report.
The Taliban captured Sangin.	Sangin is strategically located.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield for US troops.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield for British troops.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield in Afghanistan.	The capture will increase their mobility.	The capture will increase their mobility in the north of the province.	The capture will give it control of an important supply line.	The supply line is with Lashkar Gah.	Lashkar Gah is a provincial capital.
Western Sahara is sparsely populated.	Western Sahara is mostly desert.	Western Sahara is situated on the northwest coast.	Western Sahara is at Africa.
John Swinney will give MSPs his response.	John Swinney is Deputy First Minister.	John Swinney will respond to a report.	The report is about the death of Bailey Gwynne.	Bailey Gwynne is an Aberdeen schoolboy.	John Swinney will respond next week.
Police are at the Download Festival.	Police have kept their promise.	Police have been posing for fan photos.	There is extra security.
There is competition for nesting sites.	This competition could explain an observation.	Some birds are declining faster than others.	Some bumblebees are declining faster than others.
The UK should not have to pay "large" sums.	The UK should not have to pay the EU.	The UK should not have to trade with the EU.	The UK should not have to pay after Brexit.	These are stated by Boris Johnson
A grizzly bear has attacked a cyclist.	A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist.	The incident happened outside the Glacier National Park.	The incident happened in Montana.	Montana is a northern US state.	This news is according to police.
A man has been arrested.	A man violently assaulted a woman.	A man raped a woman.	The incident happened at a car park.	The car park is at a railway station.	This news is provided by police.
An MP asked Coca-Cola not to take its Christmas truck to Leicester.	The MP has diabetes.	The MP has been accused of hypocrisy.	The MP has opened a sweet shop in the city.
A mother was found not guilty of murdering her daughter.	The mother is from Orlando.	Her daughter is two years old.	Caylee is her daughter.	The mother has broken her silence.	The mother spoke out six years later.
The devolution settlement is less fair than those offered to Scotland.	The devolution settlement is less fair than those offered to Northern Ireland.	The devolution settlement is for Wales.	These are stated by the Archbishop of Wales.
Labour will keep its election promises.	There is uncertainty over Brexit.	Labour's cuts to some services are inevitable.	The first minister has warned this.
A fraudster has been convicted.	The fraudster used an "ingenious" escape plot.	The fraudster tricked prison wardens.	The fraudster tricked prison wardens into letting him go free.	A court has heard.
The M6 motorway has reopened.	The M6 motorway is between Wolverhampton and Walsall.	A fatal crash happened on M6.