Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder joined French Ligue 1 side Nice	Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder joined on a free transfer
An official "pressured" the FBI.	The official is from the State Department.	The official wanted to change the classification of an email.	The email is Hillary Clinton's.	An official and the FBI are in a "quid pro quo".	This information is from FBI documents.
Jason Dufner is an American.	Jason Dufner will take a five-shot lead.	Jason Dufner will enter the third round.	Jason Dufner plays in the Memorial Tournament.	Jason Dufner scored an eagle.	Jason Dufner scored on the 18th hole.	Jason Dufner scored on Friday.
A British man been questioned in Peru	A British man been questioned after posing naked at the Machu Picchu ruins	A British man posing naked	A British man posing at the Machu Picchu ruins
Great Britain skeleton racer David Swift retired from the sport
Michael Dunlop set the fastest times.	Michael Dunlop set the record for the Ulster Grand Prix Superbike and Superstock classes.	Michael Dunlop was in delayed practice sessions.	Michael Dunlop set the record on Thursday.	Michael Dunlop was at Dundrod.
Newell's Old Boys is an Argentine club.	Old Boys have re-signed Ignacio Scocco.	Ignacio Scocco is a striker.	Ignacio Scocco was in Sunderland.	Ignacio Scocco got a five-year contract.
West Ham are "disappointed" with a ruling.	The ruling is that their rental terms should be made public.	West Ham will rent the Olympic Stadium from next season.
Abdul Fattah al-Sisi is an ex-army chief.	Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to to tackle "terrorism".	Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to bring security.	Abdul Fattah al-Sisi was sworn in as Egypt's new president.
Sir Anthony McCoy is a jump jockey.	Sir Anthony McCoy is a twenty-time champion.	A statue is put up in Sir Anthony McCoy's honour.	The statue is at Cheltenham.	Sir Anthony McCoy has described it as 'flattering.'
A cafe owner has defended a sign.	The sign urges people to eat cake.	The sign claims eating cake avoids being kidnapped in a town.	The town is where April Jones’s misfortune happened.	April Jones was abducted.	April Jones was murdered.	April Jones’s misfortune happened in 2012.
Two explosions happened.	Three people have been killed.	At least 62 other people wounded.	The explosions happened on passenger buses.	The explosions happened in Nairobi.	Nairobi is the capital of Kenyan.	This information is told by officials.
Thirty homes evacuated after a gas pipe was damaged in a fire that was started deliberately	a gas pipe was damaged in a fire that was started deliberately	a fire that was started deliberately
Friends of Keith Harris joined his family	Friends of Keith Harris joined at his funeral in Blackpool
Bob Marshall-Andrews has defected to the Lib Dems.	Bob Marshall-Andrews is a former Labour MP.	Bob Marshall-Andrews described Jeremy Corbyn's party as a "political basket case".
Castleford Tigers beat local rivals Wakefield Trinity	Castleford Tigers beat to clinch the League Leaders ' Shield
At least 23 people have been killed.	The incident happened in Monguno.	Monguno is a north-eastern Nigerian town.	A Boko Haram bomb exploded.	The Boko Haram bomb was confiscated by vigilantes.	An MP and army source have told this information to BBC.
The sports centre is at Ravenscraig.	The sports centre is a homage.	The sports centre is a "symphony in steel".	This information is told by the architects.
The winner of The Jump 2017 is Spencer Matthews
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino says he would press for the World Cup to be held in a whole region rather than one or two countries	he would press for the World Cup to be held in a whole region rather than one or two countries	the World Cup held in a whole region rather than one or two countries
Finance Secretary John Swinney warned of " tough choices " facing Scotland as he prepares to set out his budget	" tough choices " facing Scotland	" tough choices " facing as he prepares to set out his budget	he prepares to set out his budget
The judge is leading an inquiry.	The inquiry is for the Grenfell Tower fire.	The judge has written to the prime minister.	The judge gives recommendations.	The recommendations are for its terms of reference.
Police mistakenly told a couple some bad news.	The "bad" new is that their son had been killed in a car crash.	This incident happened in a small Alaska town.	The couple and their son had an extraordinary reunion hours later.
South Africa 's prosecutors sought permission to appeal against athlete Oscar Pistorius ' " shockingly light " sentence
women who been victims of rape and sexual assault
The number of a group of children has increased significantly in recent years.	These children are referred to the NHS.	These children have gender identity issues.	Relevant figures are obtained by the BBC.
The mayor has been accused.	It happened at a special court hearing.	The mayor is of an east London borough.	The mayor has been accused of "corrupt and illegal practices".
A man has appeared in court.	The court is in County Clare.	The man is 21 years old.	The man is charged over a fatal stabbing.	The man stabbed Karl Haugh.	The man commited a crime in Kilkee.	The man commited a crime at the weekend.
The workers' union provides this information.	The workers work at the Post Office.	The workers will stage strikes.	The strikes will last for five days.	The strikes will start from Monday.	There is a continuing dispute over jobs	There is a continuing dispute over pensions.	There is a continuing dispute over branch closures.
Wales ' youth workers will regulated by the Education Workforce Council	Wales ' youth workers will regulated for the first time from 1 April
Tim Farron does not believe gay sex is a sin.	Tim Farron is a Liberal Democrat leader.	There are questions about Tim Farron's views on gay sex.
Paint been thrown over an Orange hall in north Belfast
Jurgen Klopp is the boss of Liverpool.	Jurgen Klopp defended Simon Mignolet.	Simon Mignolet is under-fire.	Simon Mignolet is a goalkeeper.	Simon Mignolet had uncertain display in the lastest match.	In the match, Liverpool had a draw with Arsenal.	The match happened at Anfield.
Thousands of people have been leaving eastern districts of Aleppo.	Aleppo is a Syrian city.	The eastern districts are besieged.	The eastern districts are rebel-held.	People have been leaving after the resumption of evacuations was agreed.	The resumption of evacuations was agreed as part of a ceasefire deal.	The resumption of evacuations was agreed last week.
Thousands of people marched in opposition to plans to downgrade Stafford Hospital 's services
Filled with goodwill , unfathomable optimism and a slightly heavy heart you embark on a health kick
Russia and Qatar may have had to pay bribes to secure their World Cups , Sepp Blatter 's former special advisor has suggested .
The High Court begun hearing the legal challenge of a terminally ill UK man who wants the right to die	The High Court hearing the legal challenge of a terminally ill UK man who wants the right to die	a terminally ill UK man who wants the right to die
An online appeal has raised more than £12,000.	The appeal is set up to help a family.	The family had a girl.	The girl is five years old.	The girl was dead.	The girl's head was stuck in a lift.	The tragedy was happend in Dorset.
Game of Thrones star " The Mountain " been beaten to Europe 's Strongest Man title	Game of Thrones star " The Mountain " been beaten by a man from Swindon
Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham told supporters	Labour leadership contender Andy Burnham told he has an " outside but realistic chance " of winning the contest	he has an " outside but realistic chance " of winning the contest	he winning the contest
Belfast Giants have closed the gap.	The gap is on Cardiff Devils.	Cardiff Devils are Elite League leaders.	The gap has been closed to six points.	Belfast Giants had a comfortable win.	Belfast Giants won over the Capitals.	Belfast Giants won at the SSE Arena.
Hayley Turner is a jockey.	Hayley Turner is Britain's most successful female jockey.	Hayley Turner believes her career has helped inspire other women.	The inspiration helps other women to progress in the sport.
An elderly woman died in a house fire in Enniskillen
Fulham have signed Gohi Cyriac.	Gohi Cyriac is a striker.	Gohi Cyriac will be on loan to Fulham.	The contract will last till the end of the season.	Gohi Cyriac is from KV Oostende.	KV Oostende is a team of Belgian Pro League.	Fulham is a Championship side team.
Wales started their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign	Wales started in confident fashion	Wales started as they convincingly beat Moldova	they convincingly beat Moldova
The BBC 's director general accused the Iranian authorities	The BBC 's director general accused of intimidating those working for its Persian service	the Iranian authorities intimidating those working for its Persian service	those working for its Persian service
A mother should be sterilised.	The mother is six years old.	The mother has IQ of 70.	The sterilization is for the mother's safety.	The Court of Protection has ruled this sterilization.
Fosun has joined a bidding war.	The bidding war is for Espirito Santo Saude (ESS).	Espirito Santo Saude (ESS) is a hospital operator.	Espirito Santo Saude (ESS) is Portuguese.	Fosun is a privately-held conglomerate.	Fosun is the biggest.	Fosun is from China.
Bosses been urged not to indulge in invasive surveillance by reading their employees ' private messages
Morrisons is a Supermarket chain.	Morrisons has increased a cost.	The cost is for a jar of Marmite.	The cost has been raised by 12.5%.	Retail industry experts say this.
More should done to help deaf people into work in Wales
Five teenagers been sentenced after admitting their part in a " riot " which saw part of Newport city centre " under siege "	Five teenagers admitting their part in a " riot " which saw part of Newport city centre " under siege "	a " riot " which saw part of Newport city centre " under siege "
all the kinds of normal things that you would say to your dog
A grand jury has decided not to indict anyone in a case.	The case involves Sandra Bland.	Sandra Bland died in a jail.	The jail is at Texas.	Sandra Bland died earlier this year.
A man was limp " like a teddy bear "	A man was after he was restrained by bouncers on the ground outside an Aberdeen bar	he was restrained by bouncers on the ground	he was restrained outside an Aberdeen bar
A busker has been convicted.	A busker has been convicted of duping people.	The busker played bagpipe.	The crime happened in Liverpool.	The busker made people think he was collecting for a charity.	The charity is a a Hillsborough charity.
Herve Renard is a new coach.	Herve Renard is from Morocco.	Herve Renard begins his quest.	Herve Renard quest for the third Africa Cup of Nations.	Herve Renard hope this Africa Cup will be record-equalling.	Qualifying resumes this week.	The qualifying is for the 2017 tournament.
Ray BLK has topped a list.	The list is the BBC's Sound Of 2017.	Ray BLK is a soul singer.	The list aims to predict the most exciting new music.	The list aims to predict for the year ahead.
Hundreds of protesters in Kabul accused Iran	Hundreds of protesters in Kabul accused of stopping fuel tankers from crossing the border into Afghanistan	Iran stopping fuel tankers	Iran stopping from crossing the border into Afghanistan	fuel tankers crossing the border into Afghanistan
Some police forces are putting the public	Some police forces are putting at risk	Some police forces are putting by rationing their response as they struggle with cutbacks	Some police forces rationing their response	Some police forces rationing as they struggle with cutbacks	they struggle with cutbacks
Jake Ball is a Pace bowler.	Jake Ball has made a "lively" return following winter.	In that winter, Jake Ball played for England Lions.	Chris Read says this.	Chris Read is Nottinghamshire's captain.
A robber was caught.	The robber is a serial robber.	The robber threatened a shop worker.	The robber threatened someone with a kinfe.	The shop worker is 18 years old.	The robber's hair has a streak of grey.	The robber's hair was recognised in CCTV footage.
A man has survived a fall.	The man is British.	The fall was from the 15th floor of a building.	The incident happened in New Zealand.	Local media reported this news.
The Royal Navy released an image of planned improvements to a jetty at Portsmouth Naval Base
China has said Japan is endangering peace.	Japan is endangering peace in the region.	Japan passed controversial laws.	Japan is expanding the role of its military abroad.
Celtic restored their 10 - point lead at the top of the table	Celtic restored after overcoming Inverness Caledonian Thistle	Celtic overcoming Inverness Caledonian Thistle
England captain Sean O'Loughlin says he would have preferred an Englishman in charge of the national team , but is looking forward to working with Australian Wayne Bennett	he would preferred an Englishman in charge of the national team	he is looking to working with Australian Wayne Bennett
Promotion - chasing Stevenage were held to a	Promotion - chasing Stevenage were held by Cambridge in League Two
Yet again we are looking at shocking pictures of a plane crash
Prime Minister David Cameron will later attempt to halt the civil war in his party caused by Iain Duncan Smith 's resignation from the cabinet	the civil war in his party caused by Iain Duncan Smith 's resignation from the cabinet
The percentage is statistically unchanged from 2010's.	The percentage is of Americans living in poverty.	2010 had record high percentage of poverty.	Household income fell.	This news is based on a US Census report.
Police provide information for this news.	A woman has died in hospital.	The woman is 34 years old.	The woman was injured in an attack.	The attack was by a knifeman.	The attack happened on a Swiss train.
Boeing shown its " space bins " that can hold 50 % more luggage than existing designs	its " space bins " that can hold 50 % more luggage than existing designs
Australia is a step closer to exporting live cattle to China	Australia is opening a new market for its farmers	Australia opening a new market	Australia opening for its farmers
Anthony Joshua has a world title bout.	Anthony Joshua has a bout with Wladimir Klitschko.	Lennox Lewis says the bout comes at the "perfect time".	Lennox Lewis is former undisputed heavyweight champion.
Some people are being offered badges.	These people are with hidden health conditions.	The badges say "Please offer me a seat".	The badges are in a bid to help ease their suffering.	The badges are in a bid to help these people on London transport.
Leicester Tigers signed new England loose - head prop Ellis Genge	Leicester Tigers signed from newly - promoted Bristol	newly promoted Bristol
Keith Farmer followed his double	Keith Farmer followed at Knockhill	Keith Farmer followed by winning the Supersport sprint race at Snetterton on Saturday	Keith Farmer winning the Supersport sprint race at Snetterton	Keith Farmer winning on Saturday
Northern Ireland striker Conor Washington counts himself a lucky man	Northern Ireland striker Conor Washington counts as he prepares to head to Euro 2016	he prepares to head to Euro 2016
The Reality Check team answers questions.	There are questions about the implications of the UK's vote.	The UK vote to leave the European Union.
Principality Stadium chief executive Martyn Phillips would relish the chance to host an Anthony Joshua bout at the 74,500 capacity Cardiff venue
Google's net income rose 17%.	Google's net income rose to $3.93bn.	Google's net income rose in the three months to June.	Google's net income rose from the quarter last year.	Google's net income was boosted by an 11% rise in revenues.	Google's net income was boosted by the $17.7bn revenues.
Pregnant women should visit countries with a risk of malaria	Pregnant women should visit only if their trip is essential	their trip is essential
Changes are happening in Africa's schools.	Textbooks are gradually being replaced.	Textbooks are considered old-fashioned and dusty.	Textbooks are replaced by tablets.	Textbooks are replaced by computers.	Textbooks are replaced by mobile phones.
Many Scots have run out of money before pay day.	The number of Scots that have this situation is more than half of the population.	This news is based on a new report.
The Taliban captured Sangin.	Sangin is strategically located.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield for US troops.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield for British troops.	The capture is considered as the deadliest battlefield in Afghanistan.	The capture will increase their mobility.	The capture will increase their mobility in the north of the province.	The capture will give it control of an important supply line.	The supply line is with Lashkar Gah.	Lashkar Gah is a provincial capital.
Western Sahara is a sparsely - populated area of mostly desert situated on the northwest coast of Africa	sparsely populated area
John Swinney will give MSPs his response.	John Swinney is Deputy First Minister.	John Swinney will respond to a report.	The report is about the death of Bailey Gwynne.	Bailey Gwynne is an Aberdeen schoolboy.	John Swinney will respond next week.
Police at the Download Festival kept their promise	Police at the Download Festival been posing for fan photos	Police at the Download Festival been posing despite extra security
Competition for nesting sites could explain why some birds and bumblebees are declining faster than others	why some birds and bumblebees are declining faster than others
The UK should not have to pay " large " sums to the EU to trade with it after Brexit , Boris Johnson has said .
A grizzly bear has attacked a cyclist.	A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist.	The incident happened outside the Glacier National Park.	The incident happened in Montana.	Montana is a northern US state.	This news is according to police.
A man has been arrested.	A man violently assaulted a woman.	A man raped a woman.	The incident happened at a car park.	The car park is at a railway station.	This news is provided by police.
An MP asked Coca-Cola not to take its Christmas truck to Leicester.	The MP has diabetes.	The MP has been accused of hypocrisy.	The MP has opened a sweet shop in the city.
A mother was found not guilty of murdering her daughter.	The mother is from Orlando.	Her daughter is two years old.	Caylee is her daughter.	The mother has broken her silence.	The mother spoke out six years later.
The devolution settlement for Wales is less fair than those offered to Scotland and Northern Ireland	those offered to Scotland and Northern Ireland
Labour will keep its election promises.	There is uncertainty over Brexit.	Labour's cuts to some services are inevitable.	The first minister has warned this.
A convicted fraudster used an " ingenious " escape plot	A convicted fraudster used to trick prison wardens into letting him go free	prison wardens letting him go free	him go free
The M6 motorway between Wolverhampton and Walsall reopened after a fatal crash